.TH "cryomesh::common::Tagged" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::common::Tagged \- 
.PP
\fBTagged\fP class implements uuid tagging of classes.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Tagged.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBcryomesh::components::Connection\fP, \fBcryomesh::components::Impulse\fP, \fBcryomesh::components::Node\fP, \fBcryomesh::structures::Cluster\fP, and \fBcryomesh::structures::Fibre\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTagged\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Tagged\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::uuids::uuid \fBgetUUID\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the uuid of object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::uuids::uuid \fBgetKey\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the key of object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::uuids::uuid \fBgetTag\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the tag of object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::uuids::uuid \fBuuid\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBTagged\fP class implements uuid tagging of classes. 

\fBTagged\fP class should be inherited by functions who want to be uuid tagged and have the related functionality. 
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file Tagged.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::common::Tagged::Tagged ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. Constructor for \fBTagged\fP 
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file Tagged.h.
.PP
References uuid.
.SS "virtual cryomesh::common::Tagged::~Tagged ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. Destructor for \fBTagged\fP 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Tagged.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "boost::uuids::uuid cryomesh::common::Tagged::getKey () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the key of object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::uuids::uuid The unique uuid tag of this object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 61 of file Tagged.h.
.PP
References getUUID().
.SS "boost::uuids::uuid cryomesh::common::Tagged::getTag () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the tag of object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::uuids::uuid The unique uuid tag of this object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 71 of file Tagged.h.
.PP
References getUUID().
.SS "boost::uuids::uuid cryomesh::common::Tagged::getUUID () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get the uuid of object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::uuids::uuid The unique uuid tag of this object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Tagged.h.
.PP
References uuid.
.PP
Referenced by getKey(), and getTag().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "boost::uuids::uuid \fBcryomesh::common::Tagged::uuid\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file Tagged.h.
.PP
Referenced by getUUID(), and Tagged().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
