.TH "cryomesh::state::Pattern" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::state::Pattern \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Pattern.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPattern\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPattern\fP (const \fBPattern\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPattern\fP (const std::string &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPattern\fP (const std::vector< bool > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPattern\fP (const \fBBinaryString\fP &obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Pattern\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPattern\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBPattern\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBcompare\fP (const \fBPattern\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisAllZeroes\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBPattern\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<\fP (const \fBPattern\fP &) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< bool > \fBgetPattern\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetString\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPattern\fP (const std::vector< bool > &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetId\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetId\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetWidth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetSize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBBinaryString\fP & \fBgetBinaryString\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBinaryString\fP & \fBgetMutableBinaryString\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP > \fBgetPatternTag\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetPatternTag\fP (boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP > pt)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBmanager::DatabaseObject\fP > \fBgetDatabaseObject\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBgetIds\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static void \fBsetIds\fP (int)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBpatternToString\fP (const std::vector< bool > &vec)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::vector< bool > \fBstringToPattern\fP (const std::string &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBPattern\fP \fBgetRandom\fP (unsigned int width, double fraction=0.5)"
.br
.RI "\fIGenerate a random pattern of width. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class Archive > void \fBserialize\fP (Archive &ar, const unsigned int version)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinitialise\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBBinaryString\fP \fBbinaryString\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP > \fBpatternTag\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static int \fBids\fP = 1"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBboost::serialization::access\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBPattern\fP &obj)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 27 of file Pattern.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::state::Pattern::Pattern ()"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::state::Pattern::Pattern (const \fBPattern\fP &pat)"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::state::Pattern::Pattern (const std::string &str)"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::state::Pattern::Pattern (const std::vector< bool > &pat)"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::state::Pattern::Pattern (const \fBBinaryString\fP &obj)"
.SS "cryomesh::state::Pattern::~Pattern ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double cryomesh::state::Pattern::compare (const \fBPattern\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "const \fBBinaryString\fP & cryomesh::state::Pattern::getBinaryString () const"
.PP
Definition at line 161 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr< \fBmanager::DatabaseObject\fP > cryomesh::state::Pattern::getDatabaseObject () const"
.PP
Definition at line 224 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::state::Pattern::getId () const"
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::state::Pattern::getIds ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 214 of file Pattern.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::getEndTag().
.SS "\fBBinaryString\fP & cryomesh::state::Pattern::getMutableBinaryString ()"
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "std::vector< bool > cryomesh::state::Pattern::getPattern () const"
.PP
Definition at line 135 of file Pattern.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::Fibre::forceFireNodes(), and cryomesh::structures::Fibre::trigger().
.SS "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP > cryomesh::state::Pattern::getPatternTag () const"
.PP
Definition at line 207 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "\fBPattern\fP cryomesh::state::Pattern::getRandom (unsigned intwidth, doublefraction = \fC0.5\fP)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Generate a random pattern of width. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIunsigned\fP int Width of pattern to generate 
.br
\fIdouble\fP Fraction of pattern to activate, default to 0.5 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBPattern\fP The random pattern 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 23 of file Pattern.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::Fibre::trigger().
.SS "int cryomesh::state::Pattern::getSize () const"
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file Pattern.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::Fibre::forceFireNodes().
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::Pattern::getString () const"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::state::Pattern::getWidth () const"
.PP
Definition at line 153 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::Pattern::initialise ()\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 232 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::state::Pattern::isAllZeroes () const"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::state::Pattern::operator< (const \fBPattern\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Definition at line 131 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "\fBPattern\fP & cryomesh::state::Pattern::operator= (const \fBPattern\fP &obj)"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::state::Pattern::operator== (const \fBPattern\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Definition at line 117 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::Pattern::patternToString (const std::vector< bool > &vec)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 168 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "template<class Archive > void cryomesh::state::Pattern::serialize (Archive &ar, const unsigned intversion)\fC [inline, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file Pattern.h.
.PP
References binaryString, id, and ids.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::Pattern::setId (intnew_id)"
.PP
Definition at line 147 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::Pattern::setIds (intis)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 217 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::Pattern::setPattern (const std::vector< bool > &pat)"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::Pattern::setPatternTag (boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP >pt)"
.PP
Definition at line 210 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SS "std::vector< bool > cryomesh::state::Pattern::stringToPattern (const std::string &str)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 186 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class boost::serialization::access\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Pattern.h.
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBPattern\fP &obj)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 240 of file Pattern.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBBinaryString\fP \fBcryomesh::state::Pattern::binaryString\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file Pattern.h.
.PP
Referenced by serialize().
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::state::Pattern::id\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file Pattern.h.
.PP
Referenced by serialize().
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::state::Pattern::ids\fP = 1\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file Pattern.h.
.PP
Referenced by serialize().
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBPatternTag\fP> \fBcryomesh::state::Pattern::patternTag\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file Pattern.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
