.TH "cryomesh::components::Mesh" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::components::Mesh \- 
.PP
\fBMesh\fP is the fabric of connection space and warps and is warped by it.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Mesh.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMesh\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBMesh\fP (const \fBMesh\fP &)"
.br
.RI "\fICopy Constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Mesh\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNode\fP & \fBwarp\fP (\fBNode\fP &node)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment Operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImpulseCollection\fP & \fBwarp\fP (\fBImpulseCollection\fP &impulseCollection)"
.br
.RI "\fIWarp an \fBImpulseCollection\fP using the mesh. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBImpulse\fP & \fBwarp\fP (\fBImpulse\fP &impulse)"
.br
.RI "\fIWarp an \fBImpulse\fP using the mesh. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBMesh\fP is the fabric of connection space and warps and is warped by it. 

The \fBMesh\fP is an overlying structure on top of Connections space that can be used to warp the underlying space, Impulses, Connections, Nodes, etc based on spacial criteria on any other criteria that can be applied to the underlying data objects 
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file Mesh.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::components::Mesh::Mesh ()"
.PP
Constructor. Constructor for \fBMesh\fP. Inaccessible to force singleton class 
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file Mesh.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::components::Mesh::Mesh (const \fBMesh\fP &)"
.PP
Copy Constructor. Overridden Copy Contructor for \fBMesh\fP. Inaccessible to force singleton class
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBMesh\fP\fP Object to Copy Construct from 
.RE
.PP

.SS "cryomesh::components::Mesh::~Mesh ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file Mesh.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBNode\fP & cryomesh::components::Mesh::warp (\fBNode\fP &node)"
.PP
Assignment Operator. Overridden Assignment Operator for \fBMesh\fP. Inaccessible to force singleton class
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBMesh\fP\fP Object to Assign this to
.RE
.PP
\fBMesh\fP & operator=(const Mesh &); /** Singleton accessor for object
.PP
Returns the single instance of a mesh, creating it if it doesn't exist yet
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<Mesh> The singleton instance of the mesh
.RE
.PP
static boost::shared_ptr< Mesh > getMesh(); Warp the a \fBNode\fP using the mesh
.PP
This function will use any values of the node, such as position in space for example, to apply a warp to the node. In practice this might be to suppress or increase the activity threshold, or to scale the activites at that node in some way. Note that this is an permanent change, ie, the node is warped 'in place'
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBNode\fP\fP & node The node to be warped
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBNode\fP & The warped node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Mesh.cpp.
.SS "\fBImpulse\fP & cryomesh::components::Mesh::warp (\fBImpulse\fP &impulse)"
.PP
Warp an \fBImpulse\fP using the mesh. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBImpulse\fP\fP & \fBImpulse\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBImpulse\fP & The warped \fBImpulse\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Mesh.cpp.
.SS "\fBImpulseCollection\fP & cryomesh::components::Mesh::warp (\fBImpulseCollection\fP &impulseCollection)"
.PP
Warp an \fBImpulseCollection\fP using the mesh. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI\fBImpulseCollection\fP\fP & \fBImpulseCollection\fP
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBImpulseCollection\fP & The warped collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 42 of file Mesh.cpp.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
