.TH "cryomesh::state::PatternTagById" 3 "Fri Apr 1 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::state::PatternTagById \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PatternTagById.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPatternTagById\fP (int d)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~PatternTagById\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetTag\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetTag\fP (std::string tg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBmoveTag\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBmoveTag\fP (int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetStartTag\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetStartTag\fP (std::string tg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetEndTag\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetEndTag\fP (std::string tg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP > \fBgetGlobalTag\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBid\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTagById\fP > \fBglobalTag\fP = boost::shared_ptr<\fBPatternTagById\fP>(new \fBPatternTagById\fP(1))"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 14 of file PatternTagById.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::PatternTagById (intd)"
.PP
Definition at line 15 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::~PatternTagById ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::getEndTag () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.PP
References cryomesh::state::Pattern::getIds().
.SS "boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP > cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::getGlobalTag ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.PP
References globalTag.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::getStartTag () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::getTag () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.PP
References id.
.PP
Referenced by moveTag().
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::moveTag (inti)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.PP
References getTag().
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::moveTag ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::setEndTag (std::stringtg)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::setStartTag (std::stringtg)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternTagById::setTag (std::stringtg)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file PatternTagById.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTagById\fP > \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagById::globalTag\fP = boost::shared_ptr<\fBPatternTagById\fP>(new \fBPatternTagById\fP(1))\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file PatternTagById.h.
.PP
Referenced by getGlobalTag().
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagById::id\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file PatternTagById.h.
.PP
Referenced by getTag().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
