.TH "cryomesh::manager::CryoManager" 3 "Fri Apr 1 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::manager::CryoManager \- 
.PP
Control manager for cryomesh's.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <CryoManager.h>\fP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBManagerState\fP { \fBPAUSED\fP, \fBRUNNING\fP, \fBSTOPPED\fP, \fBEMPTY\fP, \fBNEW\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIEnum to specify the actual state of the manager/cryomesh. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCryoManager\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault contructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~CryoManager\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcreate\fP (const std::string configfile)"
.br
.RI "\fISet manager state to create, load config from file. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBrun\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISet manager state to running. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBpause\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISet manager state to paused. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBstop\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISet manager state to stopped. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBdestroy\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fISet manager state to destroy. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBManagerState\fP & \fBgetCurrentState\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the managers current state. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBManagerState\fP \fBcurrentState\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBCreator\fP > \fBcreator\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Control manager for cryomesh's. 

Should be the one point where clients/servers etc interact with the actual mesh, databases are managed, and the mesh is created and managed in general 
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file CryoManager.h.
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBcryomesh::manager::CryoManager::ManagerState\fP"
.PP
Enum to specify the actual state of the manager/cryomesh. The current state of the manager. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIPAUSED \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIRUNNING \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fISTOPPED \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIEMPTY \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fINEW \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 25 of file CryoManager.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::manager::CryoManager::CryoManager ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Default contructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file CryoManager.h.
.SS "virtual cryomesh::manager::CryoManager::~CryoManager ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Default destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file CryoManager.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::CryoManager::create (const std::stringconfigfile)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Set manager state to create, load config from file. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::string\fP The config file to create from 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 48 of file CryoManager.h.
.PP
References creator, currentState, and NEW.
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::CryoManager::destroy ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Set manager state to destroy. 
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file CryoManager.h.
.PP
References creator, currentState, and EMPTY.
.SS "const \fBManagerState\fP& cryomesh::manager::CryoManager::getCurrentState () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return the managers current state. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
ManagerState The current state of the manager 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 93 of file CryoManager.h.
.PP
References currentState.
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::CryoManager::pause ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Set manager state to paused. 
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file CryoManager.h.
.PP
References currentState, and PAUSED.
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::CryoManager::run ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Set manager state to running. 
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file CryoManager.h.
.PP
References currentState, and RUNNING.
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::CryoManager::stop ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Set manager state to stopped. 
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file CryoManager.h.
.PP
References currentState, and STOPPED.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBCreator\fP> \fBcryomesh::manager::CryoManager::creator\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 110 of file CryoManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by create(), and destroy().
.SS "\fBManagerState\fP \fBcryomesh::manager::CryoManager::currentState\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file CryoManager.h.
.PP
Referenced by create(), destroy(), getCurrentState(), pause(), run(), and stop().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
