.TH "cryomesh::common::ICollection" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::common::ICollection \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ICollection.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ICollection\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const T &obj) const =0"
.br
.RI "\fINot comparator operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const T \fBoperator+\fP (const T &obj) const =0"
.br
.RI "\fINon-destructive addition operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual T & \fBoperator+=\fP (const T &obj)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructive addition and assignment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual T & \fBoperator=\fP (const T &obj)=0"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBoperator==\fP (const T &obj) const =0"
.br
.RI "\fIComparator operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBICollection\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class T> class cryomesh::common::ICollection< T >"

.PP
Definition at line 19 of file ICollection.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class T> virtual \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection\fP< T >::~\fBICollection\fP ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file ICollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection\fP< T >::\fBICollection\fP ()\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file ICollection.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class T> virtual bool \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection\fP< T >::operator!= (const T &obj) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Not comparator operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP T & obj RHS object
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if not equal, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< T >\fP.
.SS "template<class T> virtual const T \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection\fP< T >::operator+ (const T &obj) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Non-destructive addition operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP T & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T New object after addition 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< T >\fP, and \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >\fP.
.SS "template<class T> virtual T& \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection\fP< T >::operator+= (const T &obj)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructive addition and assignment operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP T & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T & This object after addition and assignment 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< T >\fP, and \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >\fP.
.SS "template<class T> virtual T& \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection\fP< T >::operator= (const T &obj)\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Assignment operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP T & obj RHS assignment
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T & This object after assignment 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< T >\fP, and \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >\fP.
.SS "template<class T> virtual bool \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection\fP< T >::operator== (const T &obj) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Comparator operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP T & obj RHS object
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if equal, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< T >\fP, and \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >\fP.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
