.TH "cryomesh::spacial::Radian" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::spacial::Radian \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Radian.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRadian\fP (double d)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Radian\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetValue\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBtoDegrees\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBRadian\fP &obj) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRadian\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBRadian\fP &obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRadian\fP \fBoperator+\fP (const \fBRadian\fP &obj) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRadian\fP \fBoperator-\fP (const \fBRadian\fP &obj) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const double \fBPI\fP = 3.14159265"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBvalue\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 15 of file Radian.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::spacial::Radian::Radian (doubled)"
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file Radian.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by operator+(), and operator-().
.SS "cryomesh::spacial::Radian::~Radian ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file Radian.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "double cryomesh::spacial::Radian::getValue () const"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file Radian.cpp.
.PP
References value.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::spacial::SphericalPoint::equals(), cryomesh::spacial::SphericalPoint::getArcLengthBasic(), and cryomesh::spacial::SphericalPoint::getArcLengthHaversine().
.SS "\fBRadian\fP cryomesh::spacial::Radian::operator+ (const \fBRadian\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file Radian.cpp.
.PP
References Radian(), and value.
.SS "\fBRadian\fP cryomesh::spacial::Radian::operator- (const \fBRadian\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file Radian.cpp.
.PP
References Radian(), and value.
.SS "\fBRadian\fP & cryomesh::spacial::Radian::operator= (const \fBRadian\fP &obj)"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file Radian.cpp.
.PP
References value.
.SS "bool cryomesh::spacial::Radian::operator== (const \fBRadian\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Radian.cpp.
.PP
References value.
.SS "double cryomesh::spacial::Radian::toDegrees () const"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Radian.cpp.
.PP
References PI, and value.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::spacial::SphericalPoint::getArcLengthBasic(), cryomesh::spacial::SphericalPoint::getArcLengthHaversine(), and cryomesh::spacial::operator<<().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const double \fBcryomesh::spacial::Radian::PI\fP = 3.14159265\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file Radian.h.
.PP
Referenced by toDegrees().
.SS "double \fBcryomesh::spacial::Radian::value\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file Radian.h.
.PP
Referenced by getValue(), operator+(), operator-(), operator=(), operator==(), and toDegrees().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
