.TH "cryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PatternDatabaseObject.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBcryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPatternDatabaseObject\fP (const std::string uuid_str, const \fBcommon::Cycle\fP &cyc, const \fBstate::Pattern\fP &pat)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate database object using pattern and a cycle. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPatternDatabaseObject\fP (const std::string &node_table_entry)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate object from the string of entries in the database output table. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~PatternDatabaseObject\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetInsert\fP (const std::string &table) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the string that can be used to insert the sql data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetUUID\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet uuid variable. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcommon::Cycle\fP & \fBgetCycle\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet cycle variable. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBstate::Pattern\fP & \fBgetPattern\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet pattern variable. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetKey\fP (const std::string &key) const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the string object associated with a key. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBfindValue\fP (const std::string &entry, const std::map< std::string, std::string > &map)"
.br
.RI "\fIFind entries value in map or return null. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::map< std::string, std::string > \fBgetColumnMapFromEntry\fP (const std::string &entry)"
.br
.RI "\fIParse a string database entry, extract columns and values and return a map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class T > static std::string \fBtoString\fP (T obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert an templated object that can be piped to a stream to a string. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const std::string \fBID_TAG\fP = 'id'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const std::string \fBCYCLE_TAG\fP = 'cycle'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const std::string \fBPATTERN_TAG\fP = 'pattern'"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< std::string, std::string > \fBcolumns\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBuuid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcommon::Cycle\fP \fBcycle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBstate::Pattern\fP > \fBpattern\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 22 of file PatternDatabaseObject.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::PatternDatabaseObject (const std::stringuuid_str, const \fBcommon::Cycle\fP &cyc, const \fBstate::Pattern\fP &pat)"
.PP
Create database object using pattern and a cycle. 
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file PatternDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::PatternDatabaseObject (const std::string &node_table_entry)"
.PP
Create object from the string of entries in the database output table. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::string\fP The string of data taken from a output entry in the database node table 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 27 of file PatternDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::~PatternDatabaseObject ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Default destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file PatternDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static std::string cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::findValue (const std::string &entry, const std::map< std::string, std::string > &map)\fC [inline, static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Find entries value in map or return null. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::string\fP Entry to find 
.br
\fIstd::map<std::string,std::string\fP map to search
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Value of entry 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 59 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::NodeDatabaseObject().
.SS "static std::map<std::string, std::string> cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::getColumnMapFromEntry (const std::string &entry)\fC [inline, static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Parse a string database entry, extract columns and values and return a map. 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::NodeDatabaseObject().
.SS "const \fBcommon::Cycle\fP & cryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::getCycle () const"
.PP
Get cycle variable. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcommon::Cycle\fP The cycle variable 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file PatternDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::getInsert (const std::string &table) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the string that can be used to insert the sql data. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the sql command string to insert into this table 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file PatternDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::getKey (const std::string &key) const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return the string object associated with a key. ::string The key to search for
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The object associated with the search key, '' if not found 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 37 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
References cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::columns.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::getInsert().
.SS "const \fBstate::Pattern\fP & cryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::getPattern () const"
.PP
Get pattern variable. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Pattern The pattern variable 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file PatternDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::getUUID () const"
.PP
Get uuid variable. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The uuid variable 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 53 of file PatternDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "template<class T > static std::string cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::toString (Tobj)\fC [inline, static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Convert an templated object that can be piped to a stream to a string. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIT\fP The object to get a string for 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::map<std::string, std::string> \fBcryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::columns\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::ConnectionDatabaseObject(), cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::getKey(), and cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::NodeDatabaseObject().
.SS "\fBcommon::Cycle\fP \fBcryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::cycle\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file PatternDatabaseObject.h.
.SS "const std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::CYCLE_TAG\fP = 'cycle'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file PatternDatabaseObject.h.
.SS "const std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::ID_TAG\fP = 'id'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file PatternDatabaseObject.h.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr< \fBstate::Pattern\fP > \fBcryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::pattern\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file PatternDatabaseObject.h.
.SS "const std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::PATTERN_TAG\fP = 'pattern'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file PatternDatabaseObject.h.
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::PatternDatabaseObject::uuid\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file PatternDatabaseObject.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
