.TH "cryomesh::common::Connector" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::common::Connector \- 
.PP
\fBConnector\fP is a template to add connectable functionality between two classes.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Connector.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBConnector\fP (const unsigned int max_inputs=0, const unsigned int max_outputs=0)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Connector\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBconnectInput\fP (const boost::shared_ptr< T > obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIConnect a unit to this one as an input. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBconnectInputs\fP (const std::vector< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIConnect a list of units to this one as inputs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBconnectInputs\fP (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIConnect an initialiser list of units to this one as inputs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBconnectOutput\fP (const boost::shared_ptr< T > &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIConnect a unit to this one as an output. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBconnectOutputs\fP (const std::vector< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIConnect a list of units to this one as outputs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBconnectOutputs\fP (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIConnect an initialiser list of units to this one as outputs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectInput\fP (const boost::shared_ptr< T > &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect an input to this unit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectInput\fP (const boost::uuids::uuid &id)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect an input to this unit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectInputs\fP (const std::vector< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect a list of input units from this one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectInputs\fP (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect an initialiser list of input units from this one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectInputs\fP (const std::vector< boost::uuids::uuid > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect a list of input units from this one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectInputs\fP (const std::initializer_list< boost::uuids::uuid > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect an initialiser list of input units from this one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectAllInputs\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect all input units from this one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectOutput\fP (const boost::shared_ptr< T > &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect an output to this unit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectOutput\fP (const boost::uuids::uuid &id)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect an output to this unit. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectOutputs\fP (const std::vector< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect a list of Output units from this one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectOutputs\fP (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect an initialiser list of Output units from this one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectOutputs\fP (const std::vector< boost::uuids::uuid > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect a uuid list of Output units from this one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectOutputs\fP (const std::initializer_list< boost::uuids::uuid > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect an uuid initiaialiser list of Output units from this one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdisconnectAllOutputs\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect all Output units from this one. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > & \fBgetInputs\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet all inputs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > & \fBgetMutableInputs\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet all inputs as mutable object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > & \fBgetOutputs\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet all outputs. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > & \fBgetMutableOutputs\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet all outputs as mutable object. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< T > \fBconnect\fP (const boost::shared_ptr< T > obj, std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > &objs, unsigned int max_connections)"
.br
.RI "\fIConnect up an object using the supplied map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< T > \fBdisconnect\fP (const boost::shared_ptr< T > obj, std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > &objs)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect an object using the supplied map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< T > \fBdisconnect\fP (const boost::uuids::uuid &id, std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > &objs)"
.br
.RI "\fIDisconnect an object using the supplied map. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > \fBminputs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > \fBmoutputs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmaxInputs\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBmaxOutputs\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBConnector\fP< U, T > &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fITo stream operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class U, class T> class cryomesh::common::Connector< U, T >"
\fBConnector\fP is a template to add connectable functionality between two classes. 

Represents a template to add connectable funtionality between class U as the central connectable and class T as those objects it can be connected to 
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file Connector.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::\fBConnector\fP (const unsigned intmax_inputs = \fC0\fP, const unsigned intmax_outputs = \fC0\fP)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> virtual \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::~\fBConnector\fP ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Connector.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> boost::shared_ptr<T> \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::connect (const boost::shared_ptr< T >obj, std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > &objs, unsigned intmax_connections)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Connect up an object using the supplied map. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<T>\fP obj \fBPointer\fP to the object that is to be connected 
.br
\fIstd::map<boost::uuids::uuid,boost::shared_ptr<T>\fP > objs The map that will be used to connect the object 
.br
\fIunsinged\fP int Maximum connections to allow
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBPointer\fP to the connected object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 621 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::connectInput(), and cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::connectOutput().
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::connectInput (const boost::shared_ptr< T >obj)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Connect a unit to this one as an input. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<T>\fP obj \fBPointer\fP to the object to be connected as input
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if connection succeeds, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 50 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::Fibre::connectAllConnections(), and cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::connectInputs().
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::connectInputs (const std::vector< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Connect a list of units to this one as inputs. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::vector<boost::shared_ptr<T>\fP > list List of pointers to objects to be connected as inputs
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all connections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 70 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::connectInputs (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Connect an initialiser list of units to this one as inputs. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::initializer_list<boost::shared_ptr<\fP T > > list Initialiser list of pointers to objects to be connected as input
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all connections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 94 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::connectOutput (const boost::shared_ptr< T > &obj)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Connect a unit to this one as an output. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<T>\fP obj \fBPointer\fP to the object to be connected as output
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if connection succeeds, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 119 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::Fibre::connectAllConnections(), and cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::connectOutputs().
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::connectOutputs (const std::vector< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Connect a list of units to this one as outputs. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::vector<boost::shared_ptr<T>\fP > list List of pointers to objects to be connected as outputs
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all connections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 139 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::connectOutputs (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Connect an initialiser list of units to this one as outputs. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::initializer_list<boost::shared_ptr<\fP T > > list Initialiser list of pointers to objects to be connected as outputs
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all connections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 164 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> boost::shared_ptr<T> \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnect (const boost::uuids::uuid &id, std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > &objs)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect an object using the supplied map. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::uuids::uuid\fP id The uuid of the object that is to be disconnected 
.br
\fIstd::map<boost::uuids::uuid,boost::shared_ptr<T>\fP > & objs The map that will be used to disconnect the object
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBPointer\fP to the disconnected object, pointer is null is object was not found 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 674 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> boost::shared_ptr<T> \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnect (const boost::shared_ptr< T >obj, std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< T > > &objs)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect an object using the supplied map. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<T>\fP obj \fBPointer\fP to the object that is to be disconnected 
.br
\fIstd::map<boost::uuids::uuid,boost::shared_ptr<T>\fP > objs The map that will be used to disconnect the object
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBPointer\fP to the disconnected object, pointer is 0 is object was not found 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 651 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::disconnectInput(), and cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::disconnectOutput().
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectAllInputs ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect all input units from this one. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all disconnections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 329 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::Fibre::disconnectAllConnections().
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectAllOutputs ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect all Output units from this one. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all disconnections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 497 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::Fibre::disconnectAllConnections().
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectInput (const boost::uuids::uuid &id)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect an input to this unit. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::uuids::uuid\fP id The unique identifier of the object to be disconnected
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if disconnection succeeds, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 209 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectInput (const boost::shared_ptr< T > &obj)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect an input to this unit. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<T>\fP obj \fBPointer\fP to the object to be disconnected from input
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if disconnection succeeds, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 190 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::disconnectAllInputs(), and cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::disconnectInputs().
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectInputs (const std::vector< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect a list of input units from this one. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::vector<boost::shared_ptr<T>\fP > list List of pointers to objects to be disconnected
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all disconnections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 231 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectInputs (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect an initialiser list of input units from this one. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::initializer_list<boost::shared_ptr<\fP T > > list Initialiser list of pointers to objects to be disconnected as inputs
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all disconnections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 256 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectInputs (const std::vector< boost::uuids::uuid > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect a list of input units from this one. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::uuids::uuid\fP list List of uuids to objects to be disconnected
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all disconnections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 281 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectInputs (const std::initializer_list< boost::uuids::uuid > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect an initialiser list of input units from this one. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::uuids::uuid\fP list Initialiser list of uuids to objects to be disconnected as inputs
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all disconnections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 306 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectOutput (const boost::uuids::uuid &id)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect an output to this unit. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::uuids::uuid\fP id The unique identifier of the object to be disconnected
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if disconnection succeeds, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 376 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectOutput (const boost::shared_ptr< T > &obj)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect an output to this unit. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<T>\fP obj \fBPointer\fP to the object to be disconnected from output
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if disconnection succeeds, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 355 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::disconnectAllOutputs(), and cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::disconnectOutputs().
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectOutputs (const std::vector< boost::uuids::uuid > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect a uuid list of Output units from this one. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::uuids::uuid\fP list List of uuids to objects to be disconnected
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all disconnections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 449 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectOutputs (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect an initialiser list of Output units from this one. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::initializer_list<boost::shared_ptr<\fP T > > list Initialiser list of pointers to objects to be disconnected as Outputs
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all disconnections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 423 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectOutputs (const std::vector< boost::shared_ptr< T > > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect a list of Output units from this one. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::vector<boost::shared_ptr<T>\fP > list List of pointers to objects to be disconnected
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all disconnections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 398 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::disconnectOutputs (const std::initializer_list< boost::uuids::uuid > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Disconnect an uuid initiaialiser list of Output units from this one. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::uuids::uuid\fP list Initialiser list of uuids to objects to be disconnected as Outputs
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
true if all disconnections succeed, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 474 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> const std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<T> >& \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::getInputs () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get all inputs. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<T> The map of inputs 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 521 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::Fibre::countConnections(), and cryomesh::structures::Fibre::isConnected().
.SS "template<class U, class T> std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<T> >& \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::getMutableInputs ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get all inputs as mutable object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<T> The map of inputs 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 532 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<T> >& \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::getMutableOutputs ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get all outputs as mutable object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<T> The map of outputs 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 554 of file Connector.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> const std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<T> >& \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::getOutputs () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get all outputs. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<T> The map of outputs 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 543 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::Fibre::countConnections(), and cryomesh::structures::Fibre::isConnected().
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBConnector\fP< U, T > &obj)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
To stream operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP Connector<U,T> & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 569 of file Connector.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> unsigned int \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::\fBmaxInputs\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 704 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::connectInput().
.SS "template<class U, class T> unsigned int \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::\fBmaxOutputs\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 711 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::connectOutput().
.SS "template<class U, class T> std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<T> > \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::\fBminputs\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 690 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::connectInput(), cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::disconnectAllInputs(), cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::disconnectInput(), cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::getInputs(), and cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::getMutableInputs().
.SS "template<class U, class T> std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<T> > \fBcryomesh::common::Connector\fP< U, T >::\fBmoutputs\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 697 of file Connector.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::connectOutput(), cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::disconnectAllOutputs(), cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::disconnectOutput(), cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::getMutableOutputs(), and cryomesh::common::Connector< Fibre, Cluster >::getOutputs().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
