.TH "cryomesh::structures::Cluster" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::structures::Cluster \- 
.PP
A \fBCluster\fP is a collection of self-contained nodes and connections along with an associated \fBMesh\fP, that can be connected up to one another.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Cluster.h>\fP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBValueTypeSpecifier\fP { \fBAsIncrement\fP, \fBAsDecrement\fP, \fBAsMinumum\fP, \fBAsAbsolute\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIEnum to force value type of a parameter. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCluster\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCluster\fP (int nodeCount, int connectivity)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor with number of nodes and connectivity. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCluster\fP (int nodeCount, int connectivity, const spacial::Point bounding_box)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Cluster\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdate\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdate all elements. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdateEnergy\fP (double total_energy)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBwarpNodes\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBcreateNodes\fP (const int number=1)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a number of nodes in the cluster. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBcreateConnectivity\fP (const int connectivity=1)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate connections between all nodes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Node\fP > > & \fBgetNodes\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet all nodes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > & \fBgetConnections\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet all connections. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcommon::Connector\fP< \fBCluster\fP, \fBFibre\fP > & \fBgetConnector\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the connector for this \fBCluster\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcommon::Connector\fP< \fBCluster\fP, \fBFibre\fP > & \fBgetMutableConnector\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the mutable connector for this \fBCluster\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcomponents::NodeMap\fP & \fBgetNodeMap\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the NodeMap for this \fBCluster\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcomponents::NodeMap\fP & \fBgetMutableNodeMap\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the mutable NodeMap for this \fBCluster\fP. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetTriggeredNodeCount\fP (const int indicator=0) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the total fired nodes in this cluster currently. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetActiveNodeCount\fP (const int indicator=0) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the total active nodes in this cluster currently. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetLiveNodeCount\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the total live nodes in this cluster currently, ie those with at least one impulse. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBgetEnergy\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetEnergy\fP (double d)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBNodeMesh\fP > \fBgetMesh\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBenableDebug\fP (bool b)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const double \fBSELF_CONNECTED_NODES_FRACTION\fP = 0.1"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdateConnectivity\fP (const int connectivity, \fBValueTypeSpecifier\fP asValue=AsIncrement)"
.br
.RI "\fIUpdate connectivity so that each node has at least param number of connections. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBcreateConnection\fP (boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Node\fP > nodeStart, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Node\fP > nodeEnd, int connectivity=1)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate connection between an input node and output node. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBenergy\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcomponents::NodeMap\fP \fBnodes\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcomponents::ConnectionMap\fP \fBconnections\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBNodeMesh\fP > \fBmesh\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcommon::Connector\fP< \fBCluster\fP, \fBFibre\fP > \fBconnector\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBCluster\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fITo stream operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
A \fBCluster\fP is a collection of self-contained nodes and connections along with an associated \fBMesh\fP, that can be connected up to one another. 
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Cluster.h.
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBcryomesh::structures::Cluster::ValueTypeSpecifier\fP"
.PP
Enum to force value type of a parameter. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIAsIncrement \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIAsDecrement \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIAsMinumum \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIAsAbsolute \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 44 of file Cluster.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::structures::Cluster::Cluster ()"
.PP
Default constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References mesh.
.SS "cryomesh::structures::Cluster::Cluster (intnodeCount, intconnectivity)"
.PP
Constructor with number of nodes and connectivity. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP nodeCount Number of nodes to make 
.br
\fIint\fP connectivity Connectivity to start with 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 34 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References createConnectivity(), createNodes(), and mesh.
.SS "cryomesh::structures::Cluster::Cluster (intnodeCount, intconnectivity, const spacial::Pointbounding_box)"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References createConnectivity(), createNodes(), and mesh.
.SS "cryomesh::structures::Cluster::~Cluster ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Cluster.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void cryomesh::structures::Cluster::createConnection (boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Node\fP >nodeStart, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Node\fP >nodeEnd, intconnectivity = \fC1\fP)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Create connection between an input node and output node. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<Node>\fP nodeStart Input node to connect 
.br
\fIboost::shared_ptr<Node>\fP nodeEnd Output node to connect 
.br
\fIint\fP connecticity Number of connections to create between start and end nodes 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 181 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References connections.
.PP
Referenced by updateConnectivity().
.SS "void cryomesh::structures::Cluster::createConnectivity (const intconnectivity = \fC1\fP)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Create connections between all nodes. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP connectivity The number of connections between each node 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 71 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References AsIncrement, and updateConnectivity().
.PP
Referenced by Cluster().
.SS "void cryomesh::structures::Cluster::createNodes (const intnumber = \fC1\fP)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Create a number of nodes in the cluster. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP number Number of nodes to create 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 64 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References cryomesh::components::Node::getRandom(), and nodes.
.PP
Referenced by Cluster().
.SS "void cryomesh::structures::Cluster::enableDebug (boolb)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 300 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References connections, and nodes.
.SS "int cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getActiveNodeCount (const intindicator = \fC0\fP) const"
.PP
Get the total active nodes in this cluster currently. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP Set >0 for only positive active nodes, <0 for negative, 0 for all (default)
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
int The total count of currently active nodes 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 257 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References getNodes().
.SS "const std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > & cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getConnections () const"
.PP
Get all connections. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< components::Connection > > Return all Connections 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 203 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References connections.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::operator<<().
.SS "const \fBcommon::Connector\fP< \fBCluster\fP, \fBFibre\fP > & cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getConnector () const"
.PP
Get the connector for this \fBCluster\fP. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
common::Connector<Cluster, Fibre> The connector for this \fBCluster\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 207 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References connector.
.SS "double cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getEnergy () const"
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References energy.
.SS "int cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getLiveNodeCount () const"
.PP
Get the total live nodes in this cluster currently, ie those with at least one impulse. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
int The total count of currently live nodes 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 306 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References getNodes().
.SS "const boost::shared_ptr<\fBNodeMesh\fP> cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getMesh () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 175 of file Cluster.h.
.PP
References mesh.
.SS "\fBcommon::Connector\fP< \fBCluster\fP, \fBFibre\fP > & cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getMutableConnector ()"
.PP
Get the mutable connector for this \fBCluster\fP. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
common::Connector<Cluster, Fibre> The mutable onnector for this \fBCluster\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 211 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References connector.
.SS "\fBcomponents::NodeMap\fP & cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getMutableNodeMap ()"
.PP
Get the mutable NodeMap for this \fBCluster\fP. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcomponents::NodeMap\fP The mutable NodeMap for this \fBCluster\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 218 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References nodes.
.SS "const \fBcomponents::NodeMap\fP & cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getNodeMap () const"
.PP
Get the NodeMap for this \fBCluster\fP. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBcomponents::NodeMap\fP The NodeMap for this \fBCluster\fP 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 215 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References nodes.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::operator<<().
.SS "const std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Node\fP > > & cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getNodes () const"
.PP
Get all nodes. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< components::Node > > Return all nodes 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 199 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References nodes.
.PP
Referenced by getActiveNodeCount(), getLiveNodeCount(), getTriggeredNodeCount(), cryomesh::structures::operator<<(), and cryomesh::structures::Mesh::update().
.SS "int cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getTriggeredNodeCount (const intindicator = \fC0\fP) const"
.PP
Get the total fired nodes in this cluster currently. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP Set >0 for only positive triggered nodes, <0 for negative, 0 for all (default)
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
int The total count of currently triggered nodes 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 222 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References getNodes(), cryomesh::components::Node::Negative, cryomesh::components::Node::None, and cryomesh::components::Node::Positive.
.SS "void cryomesh::structures::Cluster::setEnergy (doubled)"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References energy.
.SS "void cryomesh::structures::Cluster::update ()"
.PP
Update all elements. 
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References connections, mesh, nodes, cryomesh::components::ConnectionMap::update(), and cryomesh::components::NodeMap::update().
.SS "void cryomesh::structures::Cluster::updateConnectivity (const intconnectivity, \fBValueTypeSpecifier\fPasValue = \fCAsIncrement\fP)\fC [protected, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Update connectivity so that each node has at least param number of connections. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP connectivity The least connectivity to ensure 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 75 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References AsIncrement, AsMinumum, createConnection(), nodes, and SELF_CONNECTED_NODES_FRACTION.
.PP
Referenced by createConnectivity().
.SS "void cryomesh::structures::Cluster::updateEnergy (doubletotal_energy)"
.SS "void cryomesh::structures::Cluster::warpNodes ()"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References mesh.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBCluster\fP &obj)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
To stream operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBCluster\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 325 of file Cluster.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcomponents::ConnectionMap\fP \fBcryomesh::structures::Cluster::connections\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 233 of file Cluster.h.
.PP
Referenced by createConnection(), enableDebug(), getConnections(), and update().
.SS "\fBcommon::Connector\fP<\fBCluster\fP, \fBFibre\fP> \fBcryomesh::structures::Cluster::connector\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 247 of file Cluster.h.
.PP
Referenced by getConnector(), and getMutableConnector().
.SS "double \fBcryomesh::structures::Cluster::energy\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 219 of file Cluster.h.
.PP
Referenced by getEnergy(), and setEnergy().
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBNodeMesh\fP> \fBcryomesh::structures::Cluster::mesh\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 240 of file Cluster.h.
.PP
Referenced by Cluster(), getMesh(), update(), and warpNodes().
.SS "\fBcomponents::NodeMap\fP \fBcryomesh::structures::Cluster::nodes\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 226 of file Cluster.h.
.PP
Referenced by createNodes(), enableDebug(), getMutableNodeMap(), getNodeMap(), getNodes(), update(), and updateConnectivity().
.SS "const double \fBcryomesh::structures::Cluster::SELF_CONNECTED_NODES_FRACTION\fP = 0.1\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 193 of file Cluster.h.
.PP
Referenced by updateConnectivity().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
