.TH "cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection \- 
.PP
\fBSimpleCollection\fP of objects with accessors.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <SimpleCollection.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBICollection< SimpleCollection< T > >\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSimpleCollection\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSimpleCollection\fP (const std::initializer_list< T > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct from initializer list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSimpleCollection\fP (const std::list< T > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct by list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~SimpleCollection\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIClear all objects from collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBadd\fP (T obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd object to collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBadd\fP (const std::initializer_list< T > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd object to collection by initialiser list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBadd\fP (const std::list< T > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd object to collection by list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBremove\fP (T obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove object from collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBremove\fP (const std::initializer_list< T > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove objects from collection by initialiser list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBremove\fP (const std::list< T > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove objects from collection by list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual T \fBgetSum\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual T \fBgetMaximum\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual T \fBgetMinimum\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual T \fBoperator[]\fP (unsigned index) const   throw (exceptions::IndexOutOfBoundsException)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet value at index. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBSimpleCollection\fP & \fBinvert\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInvert collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > & \fBreverse\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIReverse collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const std::list< T > & \fBgetCollection\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet underlying collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::list< T > & \fBgetMutableCollection\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet mutable underlying collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual int \fBgetSize\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet underlying collections size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > \fBoperator+\fP (const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fINon-destructive addition operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > & \fBoperator+=\fP (const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructive addition and assignment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fIComparator operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBSimpleCollection\fP &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fINot comparator operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< T > & \fBpad\fP (int front_pad, int back_pad, T pad_value)"
.br
.RI "\fIPad Collection. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "T \fBgetBoundaryValue\fP (bool greater) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBgenerateCurve\fP (const double max_y, const unsigned long length)"
.br
.RI "\fIGenerate a curve from boundary value. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< T > \fBobjects\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &out, const \fBSimpleCollection\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fITo stream operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class T> class cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< T >"
\fBSimpleCollection\fP of objects with accessors. 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class T> \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::\fBSimpleCollection\fP ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Default constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::\fBSimpleCollection\fP (const std::initializer_list< T > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Construct from initializer list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::initialiser_list<T>\fP obj The values to be added to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 43 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::\fBSimpleCollection\fP (const std::list< T > &list)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Construct by list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::list<T>\fP list The list values to be added to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 53 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::~\fBSimpleCollection\fP ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Default destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class T> virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::add (Tobj)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Add object to collection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIT\fP obj The value to be added to the collection
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T The value added to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::add(), and cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::SimpleCollection().
.SS "template<class T> virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::add (const std::list< T > &list)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Add object to collection by list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::list<T>\fP list The list values to be added to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::add (const std::initializer_list< T > &list)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Add object to collection by initialiser list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::initialiser_list<T>\fP obj The values to be added to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 90 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::clear ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Clear all objects from collection. 
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::components::Impulse::operator=().
.SS "template<class T> void \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::generateCurve (const doublemax_y, const unsigned longlength)\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Generate a curve from boundary value. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP int max_y Boundary value of curve 
.br
\fIconst\fP int length Length of Impulse 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 537 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> T \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::getBoundaryValue (boolgreater) const\fC [inline, protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 500 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::getMaximum(), and cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::getMinimum().
.SS "template<class T> virtual const std::list<T>& \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::getCollection () const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get underlying collection. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
const std::list<T> & The collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 298 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::components::Impulse::operator+=(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::operator+=(), cryomesh::components::operator<<(), cryomesh::components::Impulse::operator=(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::operator=(), cryomesh::components::Impulse::operator==(), and cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::operator==().
.SS "template<class T> virtual T \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::getMaximum () const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 205 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual T \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::getMinimum () const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 215 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual std::list<T>& \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::getMutableCollection ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get mutable underlying collection. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::list<T> & The mutable collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 308 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::operator+=().
.SS "template<class T> virtual int \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::getSize () const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get underlying collections size. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
int The collections size 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 318 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::operator[]().
.SS "template<class T> virtual T \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::getSum () const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 185 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual \fBSimpleCollection\fP& \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::invert ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Invert collection. Reflect the collection in the x axis
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBSimpleCollection\fP & The inverted object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcryomesh::components::Impulse\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 264 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::components::Impulse::invert().
.SS "template<class T> bool \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::operator!= (const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > &obj) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Not comparator operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBSimpleCollection\fP & obj RHS object
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if not equal, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection< SimpleCollection< T > >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 432 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual const \fBSimpleCollection\fP<T> \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::operator+ (const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > &obj) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Non-destructive addition operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP SimpleCollection<T> & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
SimpleCollection<T> New object after addition 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection< SimpleCollection< T > >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 331 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual \fBSimpleCollection\fP<T>& \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::operator+= (const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > &obj)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructive addition and assignment operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP SimpleCollection<T> & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
SimpleCollection<T> & This object after addition and assignment 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection< SimpleCollection< T > >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 346 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual \fBSimpleCollection\fP<T>& \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::operator= (const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > &obj)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Assignment operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP SimpleCollection<T> & obj RHS assignment
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
SimpleCollection<T> & This object after assignment 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection< SimpleCollection< T > >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 362 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual bool \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::operator== (const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > &obj) const\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Comparator operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP SimpleCollection<T> & obj RHS object
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if equal, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::common::ICollection< SimpleCollection< T > >\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 390 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual T \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::operator[] (unsignedindex) const  throw (\fBexceptions::IndexOutOfBoundsException\fP)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get value at index. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIunsigned\fP index Index to return
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T Value at index, 0 if out of bounds 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 228 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> std::list<T>& \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::pad (intfront_pad, intback_pad, Tpad_value)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Pad Collection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP front_pad Amount of places to pad to front 
.br
\fIint\fP back_pad Amount of places to pad to back 
.br
\fIT\fP & obj Object to use for pad
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T & Return the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 475 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::remove (const std::list< T > &list)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Remove objects from collection by list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::list<T>\fP list The list values to be removed to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 167 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::remove (const std::initializer_list< T > &list)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Remove objects from collection by initialiser list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::initialiser_list<T>\fP obj The values to be removed from the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 149 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::remove (Tobj)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Remove object from collection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIT\fP obj The object to be removed from the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 126 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SS "template<class T> virtual \fBSimpleCollection\fP<T>& \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::reverse ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Reverse collection. Reflect the collection in the y axis
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
SimpleCollection<T> & The inverted object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 285 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::reverse().
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class T> std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &out, const \fBSimpleCollection\fP< T > &obj)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
To stream operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & out The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBSimpleCollection\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 447 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class T> std::list<T> \fBcryomesh::common::SimpleCollection\fP< T >::\fBobjects\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 551 of file SimpleCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::add(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::clear(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::generateCurve(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::getBoundaryValue(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::getCollection(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::getMutableCollection(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::getSize(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::getSum(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::invert(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::operator=(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::operator[](), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::pad(), cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::remove(), and cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< double >::reverse().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
