.TH "cryomesh::manager::Creator" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::manager::Creator \- 
.PP
Class to take in a config file of ConfigTranslator form and parse the commands to create a full cryomesh object.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Creator.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCreator\fP (const std::string &config_filename, const std::string &database_filename=\fBDEFAULT_DATABASE_FILENAME\fP)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor to create a bundle from a config file name with option to specify the database file name that will be used. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCreator\fP (std::istream &config_stream, const std::string &database_filename=\fBDEFAULT_DATABASE_FILENAME\fP)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Creator\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDeffault destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBstructures::Bundle\fP > \fBgetBundle\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the create bundle. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBstructures::Bundle\fP > \fBgetMutableBundle\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the mutable create bundle. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > & \fBgetClusterIDMap\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIget the clusterIDMap \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > & \fBgetFibreIDMap\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIget the fibreIDMap \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > & \fBgetPatternChannelIDMap\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIget the patternChannelIDMap \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBcreateCluster\fP (int id, int size, int connectivity)"
.br
.RI "\fITranslator from config command to actual command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBconnectCluster\fP (int input_cluster_id, int ouput_cluster_id, int width)"
.br
.RI "\fITranslator from config command to actual command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBloadData\fP (std::string datafile)"
.br
.RI "\fITranslator from config command to actual command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBrunCommand\fP (const config::ConfigEntry &conf_entry)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBconnectPrimaryInputChannel\fP (int channel_id, int outputid)"
.br
.RI "\fITranslator from config command to actual command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBconnectPrimaryOutputChannel\fP (int channel_id, int inputid)"
.br
.RI "\fITranslator from config command to actual command. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBautoConnectPrimaryInputs\fP (const std::vector< int > &cluster_ids)"
.br
.RI "\fIauto connect all the primary input channels to the list of clusters \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBautoConnectPrimaryOutputs\fP (const std::vector< int > &cluster_ids)"
.br
.RI "\fIauto connect all the primary output channels to the list of clusters \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBanalyseConfig\fP (const config::ConfigTranslator &conf_trans)"
.br
.RI "\fIAnalyse the config translator for coherence. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBcheckConfigEntry\fP (const config::ConfigEntry &conf_entry)"
.br
.RI "\fIAnalyse the config entry for coherence. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBcheckConfigStructure\fP (const std::list< config::ConfigEntry > &conf_entries)"
.br
.RI "\fIAnalyse the config for structural coherence. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::map< std::string, std::list< std::string > > \fBgetAcceptedCommandList\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGenerate and return the accepted command list. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const std::string \fBDEFAULT_DATABASE_FILENAME\fP = 'cryomesh_default.db'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::map< std::string, std::list< std::string > > \fBacceptedCommandList\fP = Creator::getAcceptedCommandList()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinitialise\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIHelper to initialise the creator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBcreateFromConfigFile\fP (const std::string config_filename)"
.br
.RI "\fIRun through the config file generating all commands. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBcreateFromConfigStream\fP (std::istream &is)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::uuids::uuid \fBgetRealID\fP (const int id, const std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > &idmap) const "
.br
.RI "\fIRetreive a uuid from a fake int id inside a map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::uuids::uuid \fBgetClusterRealID\fP (const int id) const "
.br
.RI "\fIHelper to retrieve a uuid from a fake int id for clusters. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::uuids::uuid \fBgetFibreRealID\fP (const int id) const "
.br
.RI "\fIHelper to retrieve a uuid from a fake int id for fibres. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::uuids::uuid \fBgetPatternChannelRealID\fP (const int id) const "
.br
.RI "\fIHelper to retrieve a uuid from a fake int id for pattern channels. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBdatabaseFilename\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBstructures::Bundle\fP > \fBbundle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > \fBclusterIDMap\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > \fBfibreIDMap\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > \fBpatternChannelIDMap\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class to take in a config file of ConfigTranslator form and parse the commands to create a full cryomesh object. 

.IP "\(bu" 2
needs to hold a fakeid to realid mapping to facillitate using fake ids in config files before the objects ids are actually known
.IP "\(bu" 2
holds a unique instance of any create cryomeshes
.IP "\(bu" 2
holds other data from the config file or defaults such as database name, filename, data filename, etc 
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 31 of file Creator.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::manager::Creator::Creator (const std::string &config_filename, const std::string &database_filename = \fC\fBDEFAULT_DATABASE_FILENAME\fP\fP)"
.PP
Constructor to create a bundle from a config file name with option to specify the database file name that will be used. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::string\fP The name with full path of the config file 
.br
\fIstd::string\fP The name with full path of the database file 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::manager::Creator::Creator (std::istream &config_stream, const std::string &database_filename = \fC\fBDEFAULT_DATABASE_FILENAME\fP\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 62 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::manager::Creator::~Creator ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Deffault destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file Creator.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool cryomesh::manager::Creator::analyseConfig (const config::ConfigTranslator &conf_trans)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Analyse the config translator for coherence. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIConfigTranslator\fP The config translator to analyse
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if the config translator passed all the tests for coherence, false otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 196 of file Creator.cpp.
.PP
References checkConfigEntry().
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::Creator::autoConnectPrimaryInputs (const std::vector< int > &cluster_ids)"
.PP
auto connect all the primary input channels to the list of clusters \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::vector<int>\fP The fake ids of the clusters to connect 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 357 of file Creator.cpp.
.PP
References getClusterRealID().
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::Creator::autoConnectPrimaryOutputs (const std::vector< int > &cluster_ids)"
.PP
auto connect all the primary output channels to the list of clusters \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::vector<int>\fP The fake ids of the clusters to connect 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 375 of file Creator.cpp.
.PP
References getClusterRealID().
.SS "bool cryomesh::manager::Creator::checkConfigEntry (const config::ConfigEntry &conf_entry)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Analyse the config entry for coherence. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIConfigEntry\fP The config entry to analyse
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if the config entry passed all the tests for coherence, false otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 216 of file Creator.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by analyseConfig().
.SS "bool cryomesh::manager::Creator::checkConfigStructure (const std::list< config::ConfigEntry > &conf_entries)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Analyse the config for structural coherence. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::list<config::ConfigEntry>\fP The list of config entries to analyse for structure
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if the config entries passed all the tests for structural coherence, false otherwise. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 246 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::Creator::connectCluster (intinput_cluster_id, intouput_cluster_id, intwidth)"
.PP
Translator from config command to actual command. Connect two clusters using there fake ids
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP The fake id of the input cluster 
.br
\fIint\fP The fake id of the output cluster 
.br
\fIint\fP The width of the new fibre connection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 285 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::Creator::connectPrimaryInputChannel (intchannel_id, intoutputid)"
.PP
Translator from config command to actual command. Create a fibre to connect a primary input pattern channel to a cluster output
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP The fake id of the pattern channel 
.br
\fIThe\fP fake id of the output cluster 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 343 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::Creator::connectPrimaryOutputChannel (intchannel_id, intinputid)"
.PP
Translator from config command to actual command. Create a fibre to connect a primary output pattern channel to a cluster output
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP The fake id of the pattern channel 
.br
\fIThe\fP fake id of the input cluster 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 350 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::Creator::createCluster (intid, intsize, intconnectivity)"
.PP
Translator from config command to actual command. Create a cluster using a fake id to map to a real one
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP The fake id of the cluster 
.br
\fIint\fP The size of the cluster 
.br
\fIint\fP The connetivity of the cluster 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 281 of file Creator.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by runCommand().
.SS "bool cryomesh::manager::Creator::createFromConfigFile (const std::stringconfig_filename)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Run through the config file generating all commands. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if running the config file was successful, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 182 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::manager::Creator::createFromConfigStream (std::istream &is)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "std::map< std::string, std::list< std::string > > cryomesh::manager::Creator::getAcceptedCommandList ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Generate and return the accepted command list. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<std::string, std::list<std::string> > The accepted commands mapping 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 23 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBstructures::Bundle\fP > cryomesh::manager::Creator::getBundle () const"
.PP
Get the create bundle. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<structures::Bundle> The created bundle 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 75 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "const std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > & cryomesh::manager::Creator::getClusterIDMap () const"
.PP
get the clusterIDMap \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
const std::map<int, boost::uuids::uuid> the clusterIDMap 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 83 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "boost::uuids::uuid cryomesh::manager::Creator::getClusterRealID (const intid) const\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Helper to retrieve a uuid from a fake int id for clusters. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP The fake id to translate
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::uuids::uuid The corresponding real uuid to the fake one, null if it doesnt exist 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 420 of file Creator.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by autoConnectPrimaryInputs(), and autoConnectPrimaryOutputs().
.SS "const std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > & cryomesh::manager::Creator::getFibreIDMap () const"
.PP
get the fibreIDMap \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
const std::map<int, boost::uuids::uuid> the fibreIDMap 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 87 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "boost::uuids::uuid cryomesh::manager::Creator::getFibreRealID (const intid) const\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Helper to retrieve a uuid from a fake int id for fibres. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP The fake id to translate
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::uuids::uuid The corresponding real uuid to the fake one, null if it doesnt exist 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 427 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr< \fBstructures::Bundle\fP > cryomesh::manager::Creator::getMutableBundle ()"
.PP
Get the mutable create bundle. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<structures::Bundle> The created bundle 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 79 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "const std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > & cryomesh::manager::Creator::getPatternChannelIDMap () const"
.PP
get the patternChannelIDMap \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
const std::map<int, boost::uuids::uuid> the patternChannelIDMap 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 91 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "boost::uuids::uuid cryomesh::manager::Creator::getPatternChannelRealID (const intid) const\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Helper to retrieve a uuid from a fake int id for pattern channels. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP The fake id to translate
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::uuids::uuid The corresponding real uuid to the fake one, null if it doesnt exist 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 434 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "boost::uuids::uuid cryomesh::manager::Creator::getRealID (const intid, const std::map< int, boost::uuids::uuid > &idmap) const\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Retreive a uuid from a fake int id inside a map. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIint\fP The fake id to translate 
.br
\fIstd::map<int,boost::uuids::uuid>\fP The map to use for translation
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::uuids::uuid The corresponding real uuid to the fake one, null if it doesnt exist 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 393 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::Creator::initialise ()\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Helper to initialise the creator. 
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file Creator.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::manager::Creator::loadData (std::stringdatafile)"
.PP
Translator from config command to actual command. Load the pattern data in from a file
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::string\fP The full file path name of the pattern data file 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 316 of file Creator.cpp.
.PP
References bundle, and patternChannelIDMap.
.SS "bool cryomesh::manager::Creator::runCommand (const config::ConfigEntry &conf_entry)"
.PP
Definition at line 99 of file Creator.cpp.
.PP
References createCluster().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::map< std::string, std::list< std::string > > \fBcryomesh::manager::Creator::acceptedCommandList\fP = Creator::getAcceptedCommandList()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 212 of file Creator.h.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBstructures::Bundle\fP> \fBcryomesh::manager::Creator::bundle\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 266 of file Creator.h.
.PP
Referenced by loadData().
.SS "std::map<int, boost::uuids::uuid> \fBcryomesh::manager::Creator::clusterIDMap\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 273 of file Creator.h.
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::Creator::databaseFilename\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 259 of file Creator.h.
.SS "const std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::Creator::DEFAULT_DATABASE_FILENAME\fP = 'cryomesh_default.db'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 205 of file Creator.h.
.SS "std::map<int, boost::uuids::uuid> \fBcryomesh::manager::Creator::fibreIDMap\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 280 of file Creator.h.
.SS "std::map<int, boost::uuids::uuid> \fBcryomesh::manager::Creator::patternChannelIDMap\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 287 of file Creator.h.
.PP
Referenced by loadData().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
