.TH "cryomesh::components" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::components \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBActivityTimer\fP"
.br
.RI "\fISimple interface class for activity timers. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBActivityTimerDistance\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBConnection\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBConnection\fP class to manage the transfer of Impulses between Nodes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBConnectionMap\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHelper class for \fBConnectionMap\fP to KeyMappedCollection mapping. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBImpulse\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBImpulse\fP is a mobile information packet to be passed between Nodes. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBImpulseCollection\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBImpulseCollection\fP represents a collection of \fBImpulse\fP objects. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMesh\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBMesh\fP is the fabric of connection space and warps and is warped by it. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBNode\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBNode\fP is an accumulation and computational nodal point of impulses. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBNodeMap\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIHelper class for \fBNodeMap\fP to KeyMappedCollection mapping. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBConnection\fP &obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBImpulse\fP &obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBImpulseCollection\fP &obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBNode\fP &obj)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& cryomesh::components::operator<< (std::ostream &os, const Connection &obj)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBConnection\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 111 of file Connection.cpp.
.SS "std::ostream& cryomesh::components::operator<< (std::ostream &os, const Node &obj)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBNode\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 251 of file Node.cpp.
.PP
References cryomesh::components::Node::getConnector(), and cryomesh::components::Node::getImpulses().
.SS "std::ostream& cryomesh::components::operator<< (std::ostream &os, const ImpulseCollection &obj)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBImpulseCollection\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 317 of file ImpulseCollection.cpp.
.PP
References cryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection< U, T >::getCollection().
.SS "std::ostream& cryomesh::components::operator<< (std::ostream &os, const Impulse &obj)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBImpulse\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 294 of file Impulse.cpp.
.PP
References cryomesh::common::SimpleCollection< T >::getCollection().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
