.TH "cryomesh::utilities::Statistician" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::utilities::Statistician \- 
.PP
Class to draw together lots of useful statistics and monitoring data for a Bundle and its components.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Statistician.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBStatistician\fP (const \fBstructures::Bundle\fP &bun)"
.br
.RI "\fIContruct a statistician with a build in Bundle reference. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Statistician\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBupdate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBstructures::Bundle\fP & \fBgetBundle\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetClusterCount\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetInputFibresCount\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetOutputFibresCount\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetNormalFibresCount\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetInputChannelsCount\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetOutputChannelsCount\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetBundleUUID\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< std::string, int > \fBgetTriggeredNodesPerCluster\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< std::string, int > \fBgetActiveNodesPerCluster\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetTriggeredNodesTotal\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetActiveNodesTotal\fP () const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBstructures::Bundle\fP & \fBbundle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBclusterCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinputFibresCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoutputFibresCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnormalFibresCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBinputChannelsCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBoutputChannelsCount\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBbundleuuid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnodesTotal\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnodesTriggered\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBnodesActive\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBStatistician\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fITo stream operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Class to draw together lots of useful statistics and monitoring data for a Bundle and its components. 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Statistician.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::Statistician (const \fBstructures::Bundle\fP &bun)"
.PP
Contruct a statistician with a build in Bundle reference. 
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::~Statistician ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Default destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::map< std::string, int > cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getActiveNodesPerCluster () const"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getActiveNodesTotal () const"
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "const \fBstructures::Bundle\fP & cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getBundle () const"
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getBundleUUID () const"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getClusterCount () const"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getInputChannelsCount () const"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getInputFibresCount () const"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getNormalFibresCount () const"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getOutputChannelsCount () const"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getOutputFibresCount () const"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "std::map< std::string, int > cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getTriggeredNodesPerCluster () const"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::getTriggeredNodesTotal () const"
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::utilities::Statistician::update ()"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBStatistician\fP &obj)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
To stream operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBStatistician\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 132 of file Statistician.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const \fBstructures::Bundle\fP& \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::bundle\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 74 of file Statistician.h.
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::bundleuuid\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file Statistician.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::clusterCount\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file Statistician.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::inputChannelsCount\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file Statistician.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::inputFibresCount\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 77 of file Statistician.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::nodesActive\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file Statistician.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::nodesTotal\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file Statistician.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::nodesTriggered\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file Statistician.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::normalFibresCount\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file Statistician.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::outputChannelsCount\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file Statistician.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::utilities::Statistician::outputFibresCount\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 78 of file Statistician.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
