.TH "cryomesh::common::Collection" 3 "Wed Jan 26 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::common::Collection \- 
.PP
\fBCollection\fP is a template class of U, a key class which supports getKey(), and T, the object class.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Collection.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCollection\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIConstructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Collection\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIClear all objects from collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< T > \fBadd\fP (boost::shared_ptr< T > obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd object to collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< T > \fBremove\fP (boost::shared_ptr< T > obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove object from collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< T > \fBremove\fP (U key)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove object from collection bt key. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< U, boost::shared_ptr< T > > & \fBgetCollection\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet underlying collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< U, boost::shared_ptr< T > > & \fBgetMutableCollection\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet mutable underlying collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBgetSize\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet underlying collections size. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< U, boost::shared_ptr< T > > \fBobjects\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class U, class T> class cryomesh::common::Collection< U, T >"
\fBCollection\fP is a template class of U, a key class which supports getKey(), and T, the object class. 
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file Collection.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> \fBcryomesh::common::Collection\fP< U, T >::\fBCollection\fP ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Constructor. Constructor for Collection<U,T> 
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file Collection.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> virtual \fBcryomesh::common::Collection\fP< U, T >::~\fBCollection\fP ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Destructor. Destructor for Collection<U,T> 
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file Collection.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> boost::shared_ptr<T> \fBcryomesh::common::Collection\fP< U, T >::add (boost::shared_ptr< T >obj)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Add object to collection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<T>\fP obj The object to be added to the collection
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<T> The object added to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 58 of file Collection.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> void \fBcryomesh::common::Collection\fP< U, T >::clear ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Clear all objects from collection. 
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file Collection.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> const std::map<U, boost::shared_ptr<T> >& \fBcryomesh::common::Collection\fP< U, T >::getCollection () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get underlying collection. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
const std::map<U, boost::shared_ptr<T> > & The collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 107 of file Collection.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> std::map<U, boost::shared_ptr<T> >& \fBcryomesh::common::Collection\fP< U, T >::getMutableCollection ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get mutable underlying collection. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
const std::map<U, boost::shared_ptr<T> > & The mutable collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 117 of file Collection.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> unsigned int \fBcryomesh::common::Collection\fP< U, T >::getSize () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get underlying collections size. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
unsigned int The collections size 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 127 of file Collection.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> boost::shared_ptr<T> \fBcryomesh::common::Collection\fP< U, T >::remove (boost::shared_ptr< T >obj)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Remove object from collection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<T>\fP obj The object to be removed from the collection
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<T> The object removed from the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 73 of file Collection.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> boost::shared_ptr<T> \fBcryomesh::common::Collection\fP< U, T >::remove (Ukey)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Remove object from collection bt key. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIU\fP key The ey of the object to be removed from the collection
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<T> The object removed from the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 88 of file Collection.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> std::map<U, boost::shared_ptr<T> > \fBcryomesh::common::Collection\fP< U, T >::\fBobjects\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file Collection.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::common::Collection< boost::uuids::uuid, Impulse >::add(), cryomesh::common::Collection< boost::uuids::uuid, Impulse >::clear(), cryomesh::common::Collection< boost::uuids::uuid, Impulse >::getCollection(), cryomesh::common::Collection< boost::uuids::uuid, Impulse >::getMutableCollection(), cryomesh::common::Collection< boost::uuids::uuid, Impulse >::getSize(), and cryomesh::common::Collection< boost::uuids::uuid, Impulse >::remove().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
