.TH "cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ConnectionDatabaseObject.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBcryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBConnectionDatabaseObject\fP (const std::string &uuid_str, const std::string &innode_uuid_str, const std::string &outnode_uuid_str, const \fBcommon::Cycle\fP &\fBcycle\fP, const int impulse_count)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate database object from connection information. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBConnectionDatabaseObject\fP (const std::string &connection_table_entry)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate database object from a string database entry for a connection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ConnectionDatabaseObject\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault Destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetInsert\fP (const std::string &table) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the string that can be used to insert the sql data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBgetUUID\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet uuid variable of this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBgetInputNodeUUID\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet inputNodeUUID variable of this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::string & \fBgetOutputNodeUUID\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet outputNodeUUID variable of this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBcommon::Cycle\fP & \fBgetCycle\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet cycle variable of this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const int & \fBgetImpulseCount\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet impulseCount variable of this object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetKey\fP (const std::string &key) const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the string object associated with a key. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBfindValue\fP (const std::string &entry, const std::map< std::string, std::string > &map)"
.br
.RI "\fIFind entries value in map or return null. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::map< std::string, std::string > \fBgetColumnMapFromEntry\fP (const std::string &entry)"
.br
.RI "\fIParse a string database entry, extract columns and values and return a map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class T > static std::string \fBtoString\fP (T obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert an templated object that can be piped to a stream to a string. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const std::string \fBID_TAG\fP = 'id'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const std::string \fBINPUT_ID_TAG\fP = 'inputid'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const std::string \fBOUTPUT_ID_TAG\fP = 'outputid'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const std::string \fBIMPULSE_COUNT_TAG\fP = 'impulses'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const std::string \fBCYCLE_TAG\fP = 'cycle'"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< std::string, std::string > \fBcolumns\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBuuid\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBinputNodeUUID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBoutputNodeUUID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcommon::Cycle\fP \fBcycle\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBimpulseCount\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 21 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::ConnectionDatabaseObject (const std::string &uuid_str, const std::string &innode_uuid_str, const std::string &outnode_uuid_str, const \fBcommon::Cycle\fP &cycle, const intimpulse_count)"
.PP
Create database object from connection information. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::string\fP The uuid of the connection 
.br
\fIstd::string\fP The uuid of the input node 
.br
\fIstd::string\fP The uuid of the output node 
.br
\fI\fBcommon::Cycle\fP\fP The cycle of the entry 
.br
\fIint\fP The impulse count of the connection on this entry 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 21 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.cpp.
.PP
References cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::columns, cycle, CYCLE_TAG, ID_TAG, IMPULSE_COUNT_TAG, INPUT_ID_TAG, OUTPUT_ID_TAG, and cryomesh::common::Cycle::toLInt().
.SS "cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::ConnectionDatabaseObject (const std::string &connection_table_entry)"
.PP
Create database object from a string database entry for a connection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::string\fP The database entry of the connection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::~ConnectionDatabaseObject ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Default Destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static std::string cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::findValue (const std::string &entry, const std::map< std::string, std::string > &map)\fC [inline, static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Find entries value in map or return null. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::string\fP Entry to find 
.br
\fIstd::map<std::string,std::string\fP map to search
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Value of entry 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 59 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::NodeDatabaseObject().
.SS "static std::map<std::string, std::string> cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::getColumnMapFromEntry (const std::string &entry)\fC [inline, static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Parse a string database entry, extract columns and values and return a map. 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::NodeDatabaseObject().
.SS "const \fBcommon::Cycle\fP & cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::getCycle () const"
.PP
Get cycle variable of this object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The cycle variable 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 92 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "const int & cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::getImpulseCount () const"
.PP
Get impulseCount variable of this object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The impulseCount variable 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 96 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "const std::string & cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::getInputNodeUUID () const"
.PP
Get inputNodeUUID variable of this object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The inputNodeUUID variable 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 84 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::getInsert (const std::string &table) const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the string that can be used to insert the sql data. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the sql command string to insert into this table 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::getKey (const std::string &key) const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return the string object associated with a key. ::string The key to search for
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The object associated with the search key, '' if not found 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 37 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
References cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::columns.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::getInsert().
.SS "const std::string & cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::getOutputNodeUUID () const"
.PP
Get outputNodeUUID variable of this object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The outputNodeUUID variable 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 88 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "const std::string & cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::getUUID () const"
.PP
Get uuid variable of this object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The uuid variable 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.cpp.
.SS "template<class T > static std::string cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::toString (Tobj)\fC [inline, static, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Convert an templated object that can be piped to a stream to a string. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIT\fP The object to get a string for 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::map<std::string, std::string> \fBcryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::columns\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by ConnectionDatabaseObject(), cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::getKey(), and cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::NodeDatabaseObject().
.SS "\fBcommon::Cycle\fP \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::cycle\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 162 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by ConnectionDatabaseObject().
.SS "const std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::CYCLE_TAG\fP = 'cycle'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 133 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by ConnectionDatabaseObject().
.SS "const std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::ID_TAG\fP = 'id'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by ConnectionDatabaseObject().
.SS "const std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::IMPULSE_COUNT_TAG\fP = 'impulses'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 127 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by ConnectionDatabaseObject().
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::impulseCount\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 169 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.
.SS "const std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::INPUT_ID_TAG\fP = 'inputid'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by ConnectionDatabaseObject().
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::inputNodeUUID\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 148 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.
.SS "const std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::OUTPUT_ID_TAG\fP = 'outputid'\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 120 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by ConnectionDatabaseObject().
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::outputNodeUUID\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::uuid\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file ConnectionDatabaseObject.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
