.TH "cryomesh::components::ConnectionMap" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::components::ConnectionMap \- 
.PP
Helper class for \fBConnectionMap\fP to KeyMappedCollection mapping.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ConnectionMap.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBKeyMappedCollection< boost::uuids::uuid, components::Connection >\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBConnectionMap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~ConnectionMap\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBupdate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBstate::ActivityPattern\fP > \fBgetActivityPattern\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet activity pattern on current cycle. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBstate::ActivityPattern\fP > \fBgetActivityPattern\fP (const \fBcommon::Cycle\fP &cycle) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet activity pattern on cycle. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIClear all objects from collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > \fBadd\fP (boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd object to collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBadd\fP (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd object to collection by initialiser list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBadd\fP (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd object to collection by list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBremove\fP (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove objects from collection by initialiser list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBremove\fP (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > &list)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove objects from collection by list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > \fBremove\fP (boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd object to collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > \fBremove\fP (\fBcomponents::Connection\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove object from collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > \fBremove\fP (boost::uuids::uuidkey)"
.br
.RI "\fIRemove object from collection bt key. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< boost::uuids::uuid > \fBgetKeyList\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet keys for underlying connection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > \fBgetObjectList\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet object list for underlying connection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > \fBgetObjectByKey\fP (const boost::uuids::uuid &key)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet object using key. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::vector< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > \fBgetRandomRange\fP (int number) const"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > & \fBgetCollection\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet maximum value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > & \fBgetMutableCollection\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet mutable underlying collection. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetSize\fP () const"
.br
.RI "\fIGet underlying collections size. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > \fBobjects\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBConnectionMap\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fITo stream operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Helper class for \fBConnectionMap\fP to KeyMappedCollection mapping. 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file ConnectionMap.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::components::ConnectionMap::ConnectionMap ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file ConnectionMap.h.
.SS "virtual cryomesh::components::ConnectionMap::~ConnectionMap ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file ConnectionMap.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBcomponents::Connection\fP > \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::add (boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >obj)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Add object to collection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<T>\fP obj The object to be added to the collection
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<T> The object added to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 59 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::add (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  > > &list)\fC [inline, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Add object to collection by initialiser list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::initialiser_list<T>\fP obj The values to be added to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 70 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::add (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  > > &list)\fC [inline, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Add object to collection by list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::list<T>\fP list The list values to be added to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 88 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "void \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::clear ()\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Clear all objects from collection. 
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBstate::ActivityPattern\fP> cryomesh::components::ConnectionMap::getActivityPattern () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get activity pattern on current cycle. @ param const Cycle & cycle Cycle to get activity on 
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file ConnectionMap.h.
.PP
References cryomesh::common::TimeKeeper::getTimeKeeper().
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::operator<<().
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBstate::ActivityPattern\fP> cryomesh::components::ConnectionMap::getActivityPattern (const \fBcommon::Cycle\fP &cycle) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get activity pattern on cycle. @ param const Cycle & cycle Cycle to get activity on 
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file ConnectionMap.h.
.PP
References cryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection< boost::uuids::uuid, components::Connection >::getCollection().
.SS "const std::map<boost::uuids::uuid , boost::shared_ptr<\fBcomponents::Connection\fP > >& \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::getCollection () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Get maximum value. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T The maximum value Get underlying collection
.PP
const std::map<U, boost::shared_ptr<T> > & The collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 309 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by getActivityPattern().
.SS "std::list<boost::uuids::uuid > \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::getKeyList () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Get keys for underlying connection. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::list<U> The list of keys 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 208 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "std::map<boost::uuids::uuid , boost::shared_ptr<\fBcomponents::Connection\fP > >& \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::getMutableCollection ()\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Get mutable underlying collection. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
const std::map<U, boost::shared_ptr<T> > & The mutable collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 319 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBcomponents::Connection\fP > \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::getObjectByKey (const boost::uuids::uuid  &key)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Get object using key. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIU\fP key Key to search for 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<T> The found object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 250 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "std::vector<boost::shared_ptr<\fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::getObjectList () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Get object list for underlying connection. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::list<U> The list of object values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 228 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "std::vector<boost::shared_ptr<\fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::getRandomRange (intnumber) const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 261 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::getSize () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Get underlying collections size. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
int The collections size 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 329 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::remove (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  > > &list)\fC [inline, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Remove objects from collection by list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::list<T>\fP list The list values to be removed to the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 124 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBcomponents::Connection\fP > \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::remove (boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >obj)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Add object to collection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIT\fP & refobj The object to be added to the collection
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<T> The object added to the collection
.RE
.PP
boost::shared_ptr<T> add(T & refobj) { boost::shared_ptr<T> obj = boost::shared_ptr<T>(&refobj); objects[obj->getKey()] = obj; return objects.find(obj->getKey())->second; } Remove object from collection
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIboost::shared_ptr<T>\fP obj The object to be removed from the collection
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<T> The object removed from the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 163 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "virtual void \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::remove (const std::initializer_list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  > > &list)\fC [inline, virtual, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Remove objects from collection by initialiser list. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::initialiser_list<T>\fP obj The values to be removed from the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 106 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBcomponents::Connection\fP > \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::remove (boost::uuids::uuidkey)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Remove object from collection bt key. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIU\fP key The ey of the object to be removed from the collection
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<T> The object removed from the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 191 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr<\fBcomponents::Connection\fP > \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::remove (\fBcomponents::Connection\fP  &obj)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Remove object from collection. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIT\fP & obj The object to be removed from the collection
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
boost::shared_ptr<T> The object removed from the collection 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 177 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.SS "virtual void cryomesh::components::ConnectionMap::update ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file ConnectionMap.h.
.PP
References cryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection< boost::uuids::uuid, components::Connection >::objects.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::structures::Fibre::update(), and cryomesh::structures::Cluster::update().
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBConnectionMap\fP &obj)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
To stream operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBConnectionMap\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 98 of file ConnectionMap.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::map<boost::uuids::uuid , boost::shared_ptr<\fBcomponents::Connection\fP > > \fBcryomesh::common::KeyMappedCollection\fP< boost::uuids::uuid , \fBcomponents::Connection\fP  >::\fBobjects\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 339 of file KeyMappedCollection.h.
.PP
Referenced by update().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
