.TH "cryomesh::state::PatternChannel" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::state::PatternChannel \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PatternChannel.h>\fP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBPrintFormat\fP { \fBBINARY\fP, \fBTEXT\fP, \fBINTEGER\fP }"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBChannelDataType\fP { \fBInput\fP, \fBOutput\fP, \fBTransitional\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPatternChannel\fP (\fBChannelDataType\fP dt)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPatternChannel\fP (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > &pats, \fBChannelDataType\fP dt)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~PatternChannel\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPatternChannel\fP (const \fBPatternChannel\fP &obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPatternChannel\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBPatternChannel\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBaddPattern\fP (boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > pat)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBaddPatterns\fP (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > &pats)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBaddPatterns\fP (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > &pats, int position)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > \fBremovePatterns\fP (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > &pats)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > \fBremovePatterns\fP (const std::list< boost::uuids::uuid > &uuids)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclearPatternList\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > \fBforcePatternListSize\fP (int sz)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > \fBforcePatternListSize\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > \fBgetCurrentPattern\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > \fBgetPatternByTag\fP (const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP > tg) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > \fBnextPattern\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > \fBpreviousPattern\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmatchGlobally\fP (const \fBPatternChannel\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "double \fBmatchSequentially\fP (const \fBPatternChannel\fP &)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBenableDebug\fP (bool b)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBChannelDataType\fP \fBgetChannelDataType\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetLength\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP >, boost::uuids::uuid > & \fBgetPatternByTagMap\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > \fBgetPatternByUUID\fP (const boost::uuids::uuid &id) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > \fBgetMutablePatternByUUID\fP (const boost::uuids::uuid &id)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::list< boost::uuids::uuid > & \fBgetPatternList\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< boost::uuids::uuid >::iterator \fBgetPatternListIterator\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > & \fBgetPatternMap\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetPatternPosition\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetWidth\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetWidth\fP (int w)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetRefID\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetRefID\fP (int r)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const int \fBgetMaxPatternListSize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetMaxPatternListSize\fP (int sz)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintPatternList\fP (std::ostream &os, bool reversed=false) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintTextFormattedPatternList\fP (std::ostream &os, bool reversed=false) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintIntegerFormattedPatternList\fP (std::ostream &os, bool reversed) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintBinaryFormattedPatternList\fP (std::ostream &os, bool reversed) const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBprintFormattedPatternList\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBPrintFormat\fP &pf, bool reversed) const "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static unsigned int \fBgetRefIDS\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const int \fBDEFAULT_MAX_PATTERN_LIST_SIZE\fP = -1"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static const unsigned int \fBREFID_CREATE_START\fP = 100000"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static unsigned int \fBrefIDS\fP = \fBPatternChannel::REFID_CREATE_START\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBrefID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBwidth\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBlength\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBmaxPatternListSize\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< boost::uuids::uuid > \fBpatternList\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > \fBpatternMap\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< boost::uuids::uuid >::iterator \fBpatternListIterator\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBpatternPosition\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP >, boost::uuids::uuid > \fBpatternByTagMap\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBChannelDataType\fP \fBchannelDataType\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBPatternChannel\fP &obj)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 25 of file PatternChannel.h.
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::ChannelDataType\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIInput \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIOutput \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fITransitional \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 30 of file PatternChannel.h.
.SS "enum \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::PrintFormat\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIBINARY \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fITEXT \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIINTEGER \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 27 of file PatternChannel.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::PatternChannel (\fBChannelDataType\fPdt)"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References getRefIDS(), and Input.
.SS "cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::PatternChannel (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > &pats, \fBChannelDataType\fPdt)"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References getRefIDS(), Input, and Output.
.SS "cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::~PatternChannel ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 61 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::PatternChannel (const \fBPatternChannel\fP &obj)"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::addPattern (boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP >pat)"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::addPatterns (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > &pats, intposition)"
.PP
Definition at line 106 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References patternList.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::addPatterns (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > &pats)"
.PP
Definition at line 102 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::clearPatternList ()"
.PP
Definition at line 201 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::enableDebug (boolb)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 515 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::forcePatternListSize (intsz)"
.PP
Definition at line 210 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References patternList, and removePatterns().
.SS "std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::forcePatternListSize ()"
.PP
Definition at line 234 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by setMaxPatternListSize().
.SS "\fBPatternChannel::ChannelDataType\fP cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getChannelDataType () const"
.PP
Definition at line 477 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getCurrentPattern ()"
.PP
Definition at line 242 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getLength () const"
.PP
Definition at line 437 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "const int cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getMaxPatternListSize () const"
.PP
Definition at line 481 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getMutablePatternByUUID (const boost::uuids::uuid &id)"
.PP
Definition at line 503 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getPatternByTag (const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP >tg) const"
.PP
Definition at line 245 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References patternMap.
.SS "const std::map< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP >, boost::uuids::uuid > & cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getPatternByTagMap () const"
.PP
Definition at line 441 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getPatternByUUID (const boost::uuids::uuid &id) const"
.PP
Definition at line 491 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by printFormattedPatternList(), and printPatternList().
.SS "const std::list< boost::uuids::uuid > & cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getPatternList () const"
.PP
Definition at line 445 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "std::list< boost::uuids::uuid >::iterator cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getPatternListIterator () const"
.PP
Definition at line 449 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "const std::map< boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > & cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getPatternMap () const"
.PP
Definition at line 453 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getPatternPosition () const"
.PP
Definition at line 457 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "int cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getRefID () const"
.PP
Definition at line 469 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "unsigned int cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getRefIDS ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 20 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by PatternChannel().
.SS "int cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::getWidth () const"
.PP
Definition at line 461 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "double cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::matchGlobally (const \fBPatternChannel\fP &obj)"
.PP
Definition at line 285 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "double cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::matchSequentially (const \fBPatternChannel\fP &obj)"
.PP
Definition at line 374 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::nextPattern ()"
.PP
Definition at line 254 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References patternList, patternListIterator, and patternPosition.
.SS "\fBPatternChannel\fP & cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::operator= (const \fBPatternChannel\fP &obj)"
.PP
Assignment operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBPatternChannel\fP & obj RHS assignment
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBPatternChannel\fP & This object after assignment 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References channelDataType, length, maxPatternListSize, patternByTagMap, patternList, patternListIterator, patternMap, patternPosition, refID, and width.
.SS "const boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::previousPattern ()"
.PP
Definition at line 274 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References patternList, patternListIterator, and patternPosition.
.SS "std::ostream & cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::printBinaryFormattedPatternList (std::ostream &os, boolreversed) const"
.PP
Definition at line 555 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "std::ostream & cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::printFormattedPatternList (std::ostream &os, const \fBPrintFormat\fP &pf, boolreversed) const"
.PP
Definition at line 558 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References BINARY, getPatternByUUID(), INTEGER, patternList, and TEXT.
.SS "std::ostream & cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::printIntegerFormattedPatternList (std::ostream &os, boolreversed) const"
.PP
Definition at line 552 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "std::ostream & cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::printPatternList (std::ostream &os, boolreversed = \fCfalse\fP) const"
.PP
Definition at line 519 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References getPatternByUUID(), and patternList.
.SS "std::ostream & cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::printTextFormattedPatternList (std::ostream &os, boolreversed = \fCfalse\fP) const"
.PP
Definition at line 548 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::removePatterns (const std::list< boost::uuids::uuid > &uuids)"
.PP
Definition at line 175 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References patternByTagMap, patternList, and patternMap.
.SS "std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::removePatterns (const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBPattern\fP > > &pats)"
.PP
Definition at line 156 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by forcePatternListSize().
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::setMaxPatternListSize (intsz)"
.PP
Definition at line 484 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.PP
References forcePatternListSize().
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::setRefID (intr)"
.PP
Definition at line 472 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternChannel::setWidth (intw)"
.PP
Definition at line 464 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBPatternChannel\fP &obj)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 617 of file PatternChannel.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBChannelDataType\fP \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::channelDataType\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 174 of file PatternChannel.h.
.PP
Referenced by operator=().
.SS "const int \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::DEFAULT_MAX_PATTERN_LIST_SIZE\fP = -1\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 148 of file PatternChannel.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::length\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 161 of file PatternChannel.h.
.PP
Referenced by operator=().
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::maxPatternListSize\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 162 of file PatternChannel.h.
.PP
Referenced by operator=().
.SS "std::map<boost::shared_ptr<\fBPatternTag\fP>, boost::uuids::uuid> \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::patternByTagMap\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 172 of file PatternChannel.h.
.PP
Referenced by operator=(), and removePatterns().
.SS "std::list<boost::uuids::uuid> \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::patternList\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 164 of file PatternChannel.h.
.PP
Referenced by addPatterns(), forcePatternListSize(), nextPattern(), operator=(), previousPattern(), printFormattedPatternList(), printPatternList(), and removePatterns().
.SS "std::list<boost::uuids::uuid>::iterator \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::patternListIterator\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 168 of file PatternChannel.h.
.PP
Referenced by nextPattern(), operator=(), and previousPattern().
.SS "std::map<boost::uuids::uuid, boost::shared_ptr<\fBPattern\fP> > \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::patternMap\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 166 of file PatternChannel.h.
.PP
Referenced by getPatternByTag(), operator=(), and removePatterns().
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::patternPosition\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 170 of file PatternChannel.h.
.PP
Referenced by nextPattern(), operator=(), and previousPattern().
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::refID\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 157 of file PatternChannel.h.
.PP
Referenced by operator=().
.SS "const unsigned int \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::REFID_CREATE_START\fP = 100000\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 150 of file PatternChannel.h.
.SS "unsigned int \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::refIDS\fP = \fBPatternChannel::REFID_CREATE_START\fP\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 151 of file PatternChannel.h.
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::state::PatternChannel::width\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 159 of file PatternChannel.h.
.PP
Referenced by operator=().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
