.TH "cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject" 3 "Fri Apr 1 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject \- 
.PP
Class to contain all the useful data about an object.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <DataObject.h>\fP
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBComparisonType\fP { \fBMaximumValue\fP, \fBMinimumValue\fP, \fBEqualityValue\fP, \fBAverageValue\fP }"
.br
.RI "\fIEnum to signal the type of comparison to make. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataObject\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault contructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataObject\fP (unsigned int sz)"
.br
.RI "\fIContructor with max size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~DataObject\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBenableLogging\fP (bool enable)"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether logging is enabled or not. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBisLoggingEnabled\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fICheck logging is enabled or not. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< U, T > & \fBgetMap\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet all cycle values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< U, T > & \fBgetMutableMap\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet all mutable cycle values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< U, T > \fBgetMap\fP (U start, U end) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet all values within a range [start, end]. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::map< U, T > \fBgetMap\fP (U start) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet all values within a range [start, ]. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const T \fBgetByKey\fP (U key) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet value from key. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBclear\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIClear all data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBinsert\fP (U key, T object)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd entry. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBgetDatasetMaximumSize\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDatasetMaximumSize\fP (unsigned int sz)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "T \fBgetValueComparison\fP (\fBComparisonType\fP type) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet comparison values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "T \fBgetMaximumValue\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet maximum value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "T \fBgetMinimumValue\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet minimum value. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "T \fBgetAverageValue\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet average value value. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< U, T > \fBvalueMap\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBloggingEnabled\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned int \fBdatasetMaximumSize\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static const unsigned int \fBDEFAULT_DATASET_SIZE\fP = 100"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBDataObject\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fITo stream operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class U, class T> class cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< U, T >"
Class to contain all the useful data about an object. 

Useful for output and plotting 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file DataObject.h.
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> enum \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::\fBComparisonType\fP"
.PP
Enum to signal the type of comparison to make. 
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIMaximumValue \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIMinimumValue \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIEqualityValue \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIAverageValue \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 29 of file DataObject.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::\fBDataObject\fP ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Default contructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file DataObject.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::\fBDataObject\fP (unsigned intsz)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Contructor with max size. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIunsigned\fP int The maximum size of the data set 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 46 of file DataObject.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> virtual \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::~\fBDataObject\fP ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Default destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 53 of file DataObject.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> void \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::clear ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Clear all data. 
.PP
Definition at line 178 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::components::ImpulseCollection::refreshDataObject().
.SS "template<class U, class T> void \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::enableLogging (boolenable)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Whether logging is enabled or not. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbool\fP enable True to enable logging, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 62 of file DataObject.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> T \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::getAverageValue () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get average value value. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T The resultant value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 284 of file DataObject.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> const T \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::getByKey (Ukey) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get value from key. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIU\fP key The key to find
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T The value found 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 138 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::components::Node::getActivity().
.SS "template<class U, class T> unsigned int \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::getDatasetMaximumSize () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 213 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::insert(), and cryomesh::components::ImpulseCollection::refreshDataObject().
.SS "template<class U, class T> const std::map<U, T> \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::getMap (Ustart, Uend) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get all values within a range [start, end]. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIU\fP start The start cycle of the range 
.br
\fIU\fP end The end cycle of the range
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<unsigned long int, double> The cycle values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 106 of file DataObject.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> const std::map<U, T>& \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::getMap () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get all cycle values. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<unsigned long int, double> & The cycle values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 81 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::components::Node::getActivities().
.SS "template<class U, class T> const std::map<U, T> \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::getMap (Ustart) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get all values within a range [start, ]. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIU\fP start The start cycle of the range
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<unsigned long int, double> The cycle values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 122 of file DataObject.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> T \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::getMaximumValue () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get maximum value. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T The resultant value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 264 of file DataObject.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> T \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::getMinimumValue () const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get minimum value. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T The resultant value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 274 of file DataObject.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> std::map<U, T>& \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::getMutableMap ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get all mutable cycle values. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<U, T> & The mutable cycle values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 91 of file DataObject.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> T \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::getValueComparison (\fBComparisonType\fPtype) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get comparison values. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIComparisonType\fP type The type of comparison to make
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
T The result of the comparison 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 230 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::getAverageValue(), cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::getMaximumValue(), and cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::getMinimumValue().
.SS "template<class U, class T> void \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::insert (Ukey, Tobject)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Add entry. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIunsigned\fP int cycle The cycle the value is on 
.br
\fIdouble\fP The value 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 191 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::components::Node::addActivity(), cryomesh::components::ImpulseCollection::refreshDataObject(), and cryomesh::components::Node::update().
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::isLoggingEnabled ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Check logging is enabled or not. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool enable Trueif logging enabled, flase otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 71 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::components::ImpulseCollection::refreshDataObject(), and cryomesh::components::Node::update().
.SS "template<class U, class T> void \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::setDatasetMaximumSize (unsigned intsz)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 217 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::components::Node::Node().
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBDataObject\fP< U, T > &obj)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
To stream operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBDataObject\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 159 of file DataObject.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> unsigned int \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::\fBdatasetMaximumSize\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 307 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::getDatasetMaximumSize(), and cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::setDatasetMaximumSize().
.SS "template<class U, class T> const unsigned int \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::\fBDEFAULT_DATASET_SIZE\fP = 100\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 314 of file DataObject.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> bool \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::\fBloggingEnabled\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 300 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::enableLogging(), and cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::isLoggingEnabled().
.SS "template<class U, class T> std::map<U, T> \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T >::\fBvalueMap\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 293 of file DataObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::clear(), cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::getByKey(), cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::getMap(), cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::getMutableMap(), cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::getValueComparison(), and cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObject< common::Cycle, double >::insert().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
