.TH "cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <SequencerGeneric.h>\fP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBNodeEntry\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSequencerGeneric\fP (const std::string &ifstr)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~SequencerGeneric\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBSequencerGeneric::NodeEntry\fP > > & \fBgetNodeEntries\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBon_start_document\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBon_end_document\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBon_start_element\fP (const Glib::ustring &name, const AttributeList &properties)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBon_end_element\fP (const Glib::ustring &name)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBon_characters\fP (const Glib::ustring &characters)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBon_comment\fP (const Glib::ustring &text)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBon_warning\fP (const Glib::ustring &text)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBon_error\fP (const Glib::ustring &text)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBon_fatal_error\fP (const Glib::ustring &text)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBNodeEntry\fP > > \fBnodeEntries\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBNodeEntry\fP > > \fBnodeStack\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBelementCount\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBSequencerGeneric\fP &obj)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 12 of file SequencerGeneric.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::SequencerGeneric (const std::string &ifstr)"
.PP
Definition at line 7 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::~SequencerGeneric ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const std::list< boost::shared_ptr< \fBSequencerGeneric::NodeEntry\fP > > & cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::getNodeEntries () const"
.PP
Definition at line 123 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.PP
References nodeEntries.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::utilities::SequencerChannels::readSequences().
.SS "void cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::on_characters (const Glib::ustring &characters)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::on_comment (const Glib::ustring &text)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::on_end_document ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::on_end_element (const Glib::ustring &name)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 68 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.PP
References nodeStack.
.SS "void cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::on_error (const Glib::ustring &text)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 103 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::on_fatal_error (const Glib::ustring &text)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 113 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::on_start_document ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::on_start_element (const Glib::ustring &name, const AttributeList &properties)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.PP
References nodeEntries, and nodeStack.
.SS "void cryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::on_warning (const Glib::ustring &text)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 93 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBSequencerGeneric\fP &obj)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 126 of file SequencerGeneric.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int \fBcryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::elementCount\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 56 of file SequencerGeneric.h.
.SS "std::list< boost::shared_ptr<\fBNodeEntry\fP> > \fBcryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::nodeEntries\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file SequencerGeneric.h.
.PP
Referenced by getNodeEntries(), on_start_element(), and cryomesh::utilities::operator<<().
.SS "std::list< boost::shared_ptr<\fBNodeEntry\fP> > \fBcryomesh::utilities::SequencerGeneric::nodeStack\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 55 of file SequencerGeneric.h.
.PP
Referenced by on_end_element(), and on_start_element().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
