.TH "cryomesh::manager::OutputPatternsTableFormat" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::manager::OutputPatternsTableFormat \- 
.PP
Struct representing output pattern table structure.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <TableFormats.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBcryomesh::manager::TableFormat\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBOutputPatternsTableFormat\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor will construct all the names and columns assiciated with a pattern table. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetName\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the name of the table. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetKey\fP (const std::string &key)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the string object associated with a key. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetCreateTable\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet the string that can be used to create the sql table. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBname\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< std::string, std::string > \fBcolumns\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Struct representing output pattern table structure. 
.PP
Definition at line 150 of file TableFormats.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::manager::OutputPatternsTableFormat::OutputPatternsTableFormat ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Default constructor will construct all the names and columns assiciated with a pattern table. 
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file TableFormats.h.
.PP
References cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::columns, and cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::name.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::string cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::getCreateTable () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Get the string that can be used to create the sql table. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the sql command string to create this table 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 58 of file TableFormats.h.
.PP
References cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::columns, and cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::getName().
.SS "std::string cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::getKey (const std::string &key)\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return the string object associated with a key. ::string The key to search for
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The object associated with the search key, '' if not found 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 43 of file TableFormats.h.
.PP
References cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::columns.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::getName () const\fC [inline, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Return the name of the table. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The name of the table 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 30 of file TableFormats.h.
.PP
References cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::name.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::getCreateTable().
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::map<std::string, std::string> \fBcryomesh::manager::TableFormat::columns\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 91 of file TableFormats.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::ConnectionTableFormat::ConnectionTableFormat(), cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::getCreateTable(), cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::getKey(), cryomesh::manager::InputPatternsTableFormat::InputPatternsTableFormat(), cryomesh::manager::NodeTableFormat::NodeTableFormat(), and OutputPatternsTableFormat().
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::manager::TableFormat::name\fP\fC [protected, inherited]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file TableFormats.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::ConnectionTableFormat::ConnectionTableFormat(), cryomesh::manager::TableFormat::getName(), cryomesh::manager::InputPatternsTableFormat::InputPatternsTableFormat(), cryomesh::manager::NodeTableFormat::NodeTableFormat(), and OutputPatternsTableFormat().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
