.TH "cryomesh::common::Debuggable" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::common::Debuggable \- 
.PP
Simple class to aid setting debuggable output on a class.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Debuggable.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDebuggable\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~Debuggable\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBgetDebug\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet debug status. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetDebug\fP (bool b)"
.br
.RI "\fISet debug on or off. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBdebug\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Simple class to aid setting debuggable output on a class. 
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file Debuggable.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::common::Debuggable::Debuggable ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Default constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file Debuggable.h.
.SS "virtual cryomesh::common::Debuggable::~Debuggable ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Default destructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file Debuggable.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool cryomesh::common::Debuggable::getDebug ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Get debug status. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if debugging on, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 39 of file Debuggable.h.
.PP
References debug.
.SS "void cryomesh::common::Debuggable::setDebug (boolb)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Set debug on or off. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbool\fP True to set debugging on, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 49 of file Debuggable.h.
.PP
References debug.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool \fBcryomesh::common::Debuggable::debug\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file Debuggable.h.
.PP
Referenced by getDebug(), and setDebug().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
