.TH "cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController" 3 "Mon Mar 14 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController \- 
.PP
Class used to interface with data objects.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <DataObjectController.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataObjectController\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataObjectController\fP (unsigned int sz)"
.br
.RI "\fIContructor with size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~DataObjectController\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBenableLogging\fP (bool enable)"
.br
.RI "\fIWhether logging is enabled or not. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const std::map< U, T > & \fBgetMap\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet all cycle values. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual const \fBdataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T > & \fBgetDataObject\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIGet data object. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBrefreshDataObject\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIFunction to allow refreshing implementation if required by subclasses. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdataobjects::DataObject\fP< U, T > \fBdataObject\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 

.SS "template<class U, class T> class cryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController< U, T >"
Class used to interface with data objects. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file DataObjectController.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController\fP< U, T >::\fBDataObjectController\fP ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file DataObjectController.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController\fP< U, T >::\fBDataObjectController\fP (unsigned intsz)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Contructor with size. 
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file DataObjectController.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> virtual \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController\fP< U, T >::~\fBDataObjectController\fP ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file DataObjectController.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> virtual void \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController\fP< U, T >::enableLogging (boolenable)\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Whether logging is enabled or not. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIbool\fP enable True to enable logging, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 41 of file DataObjectController.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> virtual const \fBdataobjects::DataObject\fP<U, T>& \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController\fP< U, T >::getDataObject ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get data object. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
dataobjects::DataObject<U,T> & The data object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 62 of file DataObjectController.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> virtual const std::map<U, T>& \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController\fP< U, T >::getMap ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get all cycle values. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::map<unsigned long int, double> & The cycle values 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 51 of file DataObjectController.h.
.SS "template<class U, class T> virtual void \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController\fP< U, T >::refreshDataObject ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Function to allow refreshing implementation if required by subclasses. 
.PP
Reimplemented in \fBcryomesh::components::ImpulseCollection\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file DataObjectController.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "template<class U, class T> \fBdataobjects::DataObject\fP<U, T> \fBcryomesh::dataobjects::DataObjectController\fP< U, T >::\fBdataObject\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file DataObjectController.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
