.TH "cryomesh::common::Cycle" 3 "Fri Apr 1 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::common::Cycle \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <Cycle.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCycle\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIDefault Constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCycle\fP (const long int it)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct from unsigned long int. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCycle\fP (mpz_class mp)"
.br
.RI "\fIConstruct from mpz. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCycle\fP & \fBoperator=\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIAssignment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBCycle\fP \fBoperator+\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fINon-destructive addition operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator>\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fIGreater than operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fILess than operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator>=\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fI>= than operator \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator<=\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fI<= than operator \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCycle\fP & \fBoperator+=\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructive addition and assignment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const \fBCycle\fP \fBoperator-\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fINon-destructive addition operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCycle\fP & \fBoperator-=\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIDestructive addition and assignment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator==\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fIComparator operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperator!=\fP (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const "
.br
.RI "\fINot comparator operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCycle\fP & \fBoperator++\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPrefix increment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCycle\fP \fBoperator++\fP (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIPostfix increment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCycle\fP \fBoperator--\fP (int)"
.br
.RI "\fIPostfix decrement operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCycle\fP & \fBoperator--\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIPrefix increment operator. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "unsigned long int \fBtoULInt\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn as an unsigned integer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "long int \fBtoLInt\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn as an signed integer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const mpz_class & \fBgetMP\fP () const "
.br
.RI "\fIGet multiprecision value. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "mpz_class \fBcycle\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBCycle\fP &obj)"
.br
.RI "\fITo stream operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 20 of file Cycle.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::common::Cycle::Cycle ()"
.PP
Default Constructor. 
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::common::Cycle::Cycle (const long intit)"
.PP
Construct from unsigned long int. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP unsigned long int The ulong int to contruct from 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 19 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::common::Cycle::Cycle (mpz_classmp)"
.PP
Construct from mpz. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fImpz_class\fP mp The multi-precision integer to contruct from 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 23 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "const mpz_class & cryomesh::common::Cycle::getMP () const"
.PP
Get multiprecision value. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
mpz_class 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 115 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator!= (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Not comparator operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS object
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if not equal, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 68 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "const \fBCycle\fP cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator+ (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Non-destructive addition operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCycle\fP New object after addition 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "\fBCycle\fP & cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator++ ()"
.PP
Prefix increment operator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCycle\fP & Return this 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 88 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "\fBCycle\fP cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator++ (int)"
.PP
Postfix increment operator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCycle\fP & Return this 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 93 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "\fBCycle\fP & cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator+= (const \fBCycle\fP &obj)"
.PP
Destructive addition and assignment operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCycle\fP & This object after addition and assignment 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 38 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "const \fBCycle\fP cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator- (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Non-destructive addition operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCycle\fP New object after addition 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 43 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "\fBCycle\fP & cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator-- ()"
.PP
Prefix increment operator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCycle\fP & Return this 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 105 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "\fBCycle\fP cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator-- (int)"
.PP
Postfix decrement operator. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCycle\fP & Return this 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 99 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "\fBCycle\fP & cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator-= (const \fBCycle\fP &obj)"
.PP
Destructive addition and assignment operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCycle\fP & This object after addition and assignment 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 51 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator< (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Less than operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if less than obj, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 76 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator<= (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const"
.PP
<= than operator \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if less than obj, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 84 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "\fBCycle\fP & cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator= (const \fBCycle\fP &obj)"
.PP
Assignment operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS assignment
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
\fBCycle\fP & This object after assignment 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 27 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator== (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Comparator operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS object
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if equal, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 64 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator> (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const"
.PP
Greater than operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if > than obj, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 72 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::common::Cycle::operator>= (const \fBCycle\fP &obj) const"
.PP
>= than operator \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj RHS addition
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
bool True if > than obj, false otherwise 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 80 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SS "long int cryomesh::common::Cycle::toLInt () const"
.PP
Return as an signed integer. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
signed int The cycle as an int 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Cycle.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::ConnectionDatabaseObject(), cryomesh::components::Impulse::getActivity(), and cryomesh::manager::DatabaseManager::updateByUUID().
.SS "unsigned long int cryomesh::common::Cycle::toULInt () const"
.PP
Return as an unsigned integer. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
unsigned int The cycle as an int 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 56 of file Cycle.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::NodeDatabaseObject(), cryomesh::components::Impulse::operator+=(), and cryomesh::components::ImpulseCollection::refreshDataObject().
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& operator<< (std::ostream &os, const \fBCycle\fP &obj)\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
To stream operator. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBCycle\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 110 of file Cycle.cpp.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "mpz_class \fBcryomesh::common::Cycle::cycle\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 240 of file Cycle.h.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
