.TH "cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject" 3 "Fri Apr 1 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <DatabaseObject.h>\fP
.PP
Inherited by \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject\fP, and \fBcryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject\fP.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDatabaseObject\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~DatabaseObject\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::string \fBgetKey\fP (const std::string &key) const "
.br
.RI "\fIReturn the string object associated with a key. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetInsert\fP (const std::string &table) const =0"
.br
.RI "\fIGet the string that can be used to insert the sql data. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBfindValue\fP (const std::string &entry, const std::map< std::string, std::string > &map)"
.br
.RI "\fIFind entries value in map or return null. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::map< std::string, std::string > \fBgetColumnMapFromEntry\fP (const std::string &entry)"
.br
.RI "\fIParse a string database entry, extract columns and values and return a map. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class T > static std::string \fBtoString\fP (T obj)"
.br
.RI "\fIConvert an templated object that can be piped to a stream to a string. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::map< std::string, std::string > \fBcolumns\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 21 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::DatabaseObject ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.SS "virtual cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::~DatabaseObject ()\fC [inline, virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static std::string cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::findValue (const std::string &entry, const std::map< std::string, std::string > &map)\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Find entries value in map or return null. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::string\fP Entry to find 
.br
\fIstd::map<std::string,std::string\fP map to search
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Value of entry 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 59 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::NodeDatabaseObject().
.SS "static std::map<std::string, std::string> cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::getColumnMapFromEntry (const std::string &entry)\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Parse a string database entry, extract columns and values and return a map. 
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::NodeDatabaseObject().
.SS "virtual std::string cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::getInsert (const std::string &table) const\fC [pure virtual]\fP"
.PP
Get the string that can be used to insert the sql data. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the sql command string to insert into this table 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Implemented in \fBcryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject\fP, and \fBcryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject\fP.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::getKey (const std::string &key) const\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Return the string object associated with a key. ::string The key to search for
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::string The object associated with the search key, '' if not found 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 37 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
References columns.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::getInsert().
.SS "template<class T > static std::string cryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::toString (Tobj)\fC [inline, static]\fP"
.PP
Convert an templated object that can be piped to a stream to a string. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIT\fP The object to get a string for 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::map<std::string, std::string> \fBcryomesh::manager::DatabaseObject::columns\fP\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 119 of file DatabaseObject.h.
.PP
Referenced by cryomesh::manager::ConnectionDatabaseObject::ConnectionDatabaseObject(), getKey(), and cryomesh::manager::NodeDatabaseObject::NodeDatabaseObject().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
