.TH "cryomesh::structures" 3 "Thu Jul 7 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::structures \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBBundle\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA \fBBundle\fP is the collection of clusters and fibres, it represents the system as a whole. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBCluster\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA \fBCluster\fP is a collection of self-contained nodes and connections along with an associated \fBMesh\fP, that can be connected up to one another. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBClusterMap\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBFibre\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIA \fBFibre\fP is a collection of connections that connect one structure to another. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBFibreMap\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBMesh\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBMesh\fP is the fabric of connection space and warps and is warped by it. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBNodeMesh\fP"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBMesh\fP of nodes and their neighbouring nodes and distances. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::map< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcryomesh::components::Node\fP >, std::map< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcryomesh::components::Node\fP >, double > > \fBNeighbourhoodMap\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITypedef to simplify neighbourhood map structure. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef std::map< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcryomesh::components::Node\fP >, std::map< boost::shared_ptr< \fBcryomesh::components::Node\fP >, double > >::const_iterator \fBNeighbourhoodMapConstIterator\fP"
.br
.RI "\fITypdef for iterator to neighbourhood map. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBBundle\fP &obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBCluster\fP &obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBFibre\fP &obj)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::ostream & \fBoperator<<\fP (std::ostream &os, const \fBNodeMesh\fP &obj)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBcryomesh::structures::NodeMesh::NeighbourhoodMap\fP"
.PP
Typedef to simplify neighbourhood map structure. Map of Nodes to other nodes within their neighbourhood and the distances to them. 
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file NodeMesh.h.
.SS "typedef std::map<boost::shared_ptr<\fBcryomesh::components::Node\fP>, std::map<boost::shared_ptr<\fBcryomesh::components::Node\fP>, double> >::const_iterator \fBcryomesh::structures::NeighbourhoodMapConstIterator\fP"
.PP
Typdef for iterator to neighbourhood map. 
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file NodeMesh.h.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::ostream& cryomesh::structures::operator<< (std::ostream &os, const Bundle &obj)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBBundle\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 962 of file Bundle.cpp.
.SS "std::ostream& cryomesh::structures::operator<< (std::ostream &os, const NodeMesh &obj)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBNodeMesh\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 240 of file NodeMesh.cpp.
.SS "std::ostream& cryomesh::structures::operator<< (std::ostream &os, const Fibre &obj)"\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Pattern To stream operator
.RE
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBFibre\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 451 of file Fibre.cpp.
.PP
References cryomesh::structures::Fibre::getConnections(), and cryomesh::structures::Fibre::getOutputNodesPattern().
.SS "std::ostream& cryomesh::structures::operator<< (std::ostream &os, const Cluster &obj)"\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstd::ostream\fP & os The output stream 
.br
\fIconst\fP \fBCluster\fP & obj The object to stream
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
std::ostream & The output stream 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 325 of file Cluster.cpp.
.PP
References cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getConnections(), cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getNodeMap(), and cryomesh::structures::Cluster::getNodes().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
