.TH "cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate" 3 "Fri Apr 1 2011" "cryomesh" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <PatternTagByDate.h>\fP
.PP
Inherits \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.SS "Public Types"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBDateType\fP { \fBByHour\fP, \fBByDay\fP, \fBByWeek\fP, \fBByMonth\fP, \fBByYear\fP }"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "template<class Archive > void \fBserialize\fP (Archive &ar, const unsigned int version)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPatternTagByDate\fP (\fBDateType\fP dt)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPatternTagByDate\fP (\fBDateType\fP dt, std::tm start_time, std::tm end_time, std::tm current_time)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual \fB~PatternTagByDate\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetTag\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetTag\fP (std::string tg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBmoveTag\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBmoveTag\fP (int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetStartTag\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetStartTag\fP (std::string tg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual std::string \fBgetEndTag\fP () const "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual void \fBsetEndTag\fP (std::string tg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "virtual boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP > \fBgetGlobalTag\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::tm \fBtagToTm\fP (const std::string &tg)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBtmToTag\fP (const std::tm &t)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::tm \fBmoveHour\fP (std::tm &ttime, int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::tm \fBmoveDay\fP (std::tm &ttime, int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::tm \fBmoveWeek\fP (std::tm &ttime, int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::tm \fBmoveMonth\fP (std::tm &ttime, int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::tm \fBmoveYear\fP (std::tm &ttime, int i)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBisLeapYear\fP (const std::tm &tmtime)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Protected Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBGlobalStartTag\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBGlobalEndTag\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBGlobalCurrentTag\fP = ''"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static std::string \fBDateFormat\fP = '%S %M %H %d %m %Y %w %j '"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDateType\fP \fBdateType\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::tm \fBstartTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::tm \fBendTime\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "std::tm \fBcurrentTime\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTagByDate\fP > \fBglobalTag\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Friends"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBboost::serialization::access\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 20 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.SH "Member Enumeration Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::DateType\fP"
.PP
\fBEnumerator: \fP
.in +1c
.TP
\fB\fIByHour \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIByDay \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIByWeek \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIByMonth \fP\fP
.TP
\fB\fIByYear \fP\fP

.PP
Definition at line 22 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::PatternTagByDate (\fBDateType\fPdt)"
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::PatternTagByDate (\fBDateType\fPdt, std::tmstart_time, std::tmend_time, std::tmcurrent_time)"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.PP
References GlobalEndTag, GlobalStartTag, globalTag, and startTime.
.SS "cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::~PatternTagByDate ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 37 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::getEndTag () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTag\fP > cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::getGlobalTag ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::getStartTag () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::getTag () const\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "bool cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::isLeapYear (const std::tm &tmtime)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 207 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "std::tm cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::moveDay (std::tm &ttime, inti)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 155 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "std::tm cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::moveHour (std::tm &ttime, inti)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by moveTag().
.SS "std::tm cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::moveMonth (std::tm &ttime, inti)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 165 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.PP
References moveYear().
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::moveTag ()\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.PP
References currentTime, and moveHour().
.PP
Referenced by moveTag().
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::moveTag (inti)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.PP
References moveTag().
.SS "std::tm cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::moveWeek (std::tm &ttime, inti)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 160 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "std::tm cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::moveYear (std::tm &ttime, inti)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 199 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by moveMonth().
.SS "template<class Archive > void cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::serialize (Archive &ar, const unsigned intversion)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 28 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.PP
References currentTime, dateType, endTime, globalTag, and startTime.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::setEndTag (std::stringtg)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::setStartTag (std::stringtg)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "void cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::setTag (std::stringtg)\fC [virtual]\fP"
.PP
Implements \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTag\fP.
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "std::tm cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::tagToTm (const std::string &tg)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 84 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SS "std::string cryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::tmToTag (const std::tm &t)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file PatternTagByDate.cpp.
.SH "Friends And Related Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "friend class boost::serialization::access\fC [friend]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "std::tm \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::currentTime\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.PP
Referenced by moveTag(), and serialize().
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::DateFormat\fP = '%S %M %H %d %m %Y %w %j '\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.SS "\fBDateType\fP \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::dateType\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.PP
Referenced by serialize().
.SS "std::tm \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::endTime\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.PP
Referenced by serialize().
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::GlobalCurrentTag\fP = ''\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::GlobalEndTag\fP = ''\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.PP
Referenced by PatternTagByDate().
.SS "std::string \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::GlobalStartTag\fP = ''\fC [static, protected]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.PP
Referenced by PatternTagByDate().
.SS "boost::shared_ptr< \fBPatternTagByDate\fP > \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::globalTag\fP\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.PP
Referenced by PatternTagByDate(), and serialize().
.SS "std::tm \fBcryomesh::state::PatternTagByDate::startTime\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 71 of file PatternTagByDate.h.
.PP
Referenced by PatternTagByDate(), and serialize().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for cryomesh from the source code.
